My answer is no .
My response is no .
My consequence is no .
My answer is equivocal .
My answer is ambiguous .
My answer may be no .
On one hand , we do not want this potential danger causing firghtenning affects in our families ' later lives .
On one hand , we do not want this potential menace causing firghtenning affects in our families ' later lives .
On one hand , we do not want this potential danger causing firghtenning affects in our families ' subsequent lives .
On one hand , we do not want this potential danger causing firghtenning affects in our families ' tardive lives .
On one hand , we do not want this latent danger causing firghtenning affects in our families ' later lives .
On one hand , we do not want this prospective danger causing firghtenning affects in our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we got certain disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring us too much or keeping away from us .
When humankind around us know that we got certain disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring us too much or keeping away from us .
When people around us realize that we got certain disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring us too much or keeping away from us .
When people around us know that we got certain disease , their altitudes will be chronically changed , whether caring us too much or keeping away from us .
When people around us know that we got certain disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring us too much or staying away from us .
When people around us know that we got potential disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring us too much or keeping away from us .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as ordinary people .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live and think as normal people .
And both are not what we demand since most of us just want to live as normal people .
And both are not what we look for since most of us just want to live as normal people .
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal humans .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems .
Surrounded by such sympathies , it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems .
Surrounded by such anxieties , it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very probable that we are distracted to worry about these problems .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these dilemmas .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these questions .
It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb' ' will explode .
It is a concern that will be with us during our entire life , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb' ' will explode .
It is a concern that will be with us during our integral life , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb' ' will explode .
It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life , because we will never understand when the ''potential bomb' ' will explode .
It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb' ' will destroy .
It is a negative stimulus that will be with us during our whole life , because we will never know when the ''potential bomb' ' will explode .
On the other hand , if there are ways can help us to control or cure the disease , we can going through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
On the other hand , if there are methods can help us to control or cure the disease , we can going through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
On the other hand , if there are approaches can help us to control or cure the disease , we can going through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
On the other hand , if there are ways can help us to control or indurate the disease , we can going through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
On the other hand , if there are ways can help us to restrain or cure the disease , we can going through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
On the other hand , if there are ways can help us to suppress or cure the disease , we can going through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
For an example , if exercising is helpful for family potential disease , we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise .
For an example , if exercising is assistive for family potential disease , we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise .
For an example , if exercising is helpful for family latent disease , we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise .
For an example , if exercising is helpful for family prospective disease , we can always look for more chances for the family to go exercise .
For an example , if exercising is helpful for family potential disease , we can always look for more possibilities for the family to go exercise .
For an example , if exercising is helpful for family potential disease , we can always look for more chances for the family to go sports .
And we keep track of all family members health conditions .
And we keep track of all family members mental conditions .
And we keep track of all family members physical conditions .
And we maintain track of all family members health conditions .
And we keep track of all family members health states .
And we keep track of all family members health situations .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members got this disease .
At the same time , we are embattled to know when there are other members got this disease .
At the same time , we are equipped to know when there are other members got this disease .
At the same time , we are prepared to foresee when there are other members got this disease .
At the same time , we are prepared to predict when there are other members got this disease .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members contracted this disease .
Here I want to share Forest'view on this issue .
Here I intend to share Forest'view on this issue .
Here I want to show Forest'view on this issue .
Today I want to share Forest'view on this issue .
Here I want to share Forest'view on this topic .
Here I want to share Forest'view on this important issue .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
Although some people believe that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a leading gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's illness has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to admit that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal qualification to do so .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
In fact , asking someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
In fact , requiring someone to publicize his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic diseases to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically doubtful .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at hazard is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
"
"
"
"
"
"
Nothing is absolute right or wrong .
Something is absolute right or wrong .
Nothing is absolute true or wrong .
Nothing is absolute right or false .
Nothing is either absolute right or wrong .
Nothing is absolute right and wrong .
If certain disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others , it is OK to disclose the result .
If certain disease genetic test is very meticulous and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others , it is OK to disclose the result .
If certain disease genetic test is very accurate and it is inevitable and necessary to get treatment and known by others , it is OK to disclose the result .
If certain disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and crucial to get treatment and known by others , it is OK to disclose the result .
If certain disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get analysis and known by others , it is OK to disclose the result .
If certain disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others , it is OK to admit the result .
Above all , life is more important than secret .
Above all , growth is more important than secret .
Above all , life is less important than secret .
Above all , life is more meaningful than secret .
After all , life is more important than secret .
Above all , life is more important compared to secret .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
Genetic risk does carry its causes and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken casually within the family circle .
Genetic hazard does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
Genetic risk does take its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle .
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family sphere .
Afterall , what affects one family may or may not affect another although the families has a common genetic make up , shared by either of the parents .
Ultimately , what affects one family may or may not affect another although the families has a common genetic make up , shared by either of the parents .
Afterall , what affects one family may or may not affect another although the families has a prevalent genetic make up , shared by either of the parents .
Afterall , what influences one family may or may not affect another although the families has a common genetic make up , shared by either of the parents .
Afterall , what affects one family may or may not affect another although the families has a common inherited make up , shared by either of the parents .
Afterall , what affects one family may or may not affect another although the families has a common genetic make up , possessed by either of the parents .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or otherwise , to his or her relative is solely a matter of preference within the indivdial moral system .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or otherwise , to his or her relative is completely a matter of preference within the indivdial moral system .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or otherwise , to his or her relative is solely a matter of preference within the indivdial ethical system .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or otherwise , to his or her relative is solely a matter of inclination within the indivdial moral system .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , revealing or otherwise , to his or her relative is solely a matter of preference within the indivdial moral system .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or otherwise , to his or her relative is solely a matter of preference within the indivdial moral structure .
The issue on right to know or not to know is highly debatable although it is a genetic risk , one can not be entire sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
The issue on right to know or not to know is highly controversial although it is a genetic risk , one can not be entire sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
The issue on right to know or not to know is highly contestable although it is a genetic risk , one can not be entire sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
The issue on right to know or not to know is eminently debatable although it is a genetic risk , one can not be entire sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
The issue on right to know or not to know is highly debatable although it is a genetic menace , one can not be entire sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
The issue on right to know or not to know is highly debatable although it is a genetic risk , one can not be entire destined because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
This also means that as soon a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurently has a knowledge about others .
This also conveys that as soon a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurently has a knowledge about others .
This also means that as soon a person is made aware of his or her genetic biography , he or she concurently has a knowledge about others .
This also means that as soon a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurently has a information about others .
This also means that as soon a person is made conscious of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurently has a knowledge about others .
This also imparts that as soon a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurently has a knowledge about others .
This knowledge maybe relavant to them , and vice versa .
This information maybe relavant to them , and vice versa .
This scholarship maybe relavant to them , and vice versa .
That knowledge maybe relavant to them , and vice versa .
Any knowledge maybe relavant to them , and vice versa .
This knowledge maybe relavant to the member , and vice versa .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
An instance that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
An example that may serve as an illustration is lung cancer .
An example that may serve as an illustration is liver cancer .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast inflammation .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast fever .
It is hereditary .
It is inheritable .
It is contagious .
The disease is hereditary .
The plague is hereditary .
It would be hereditary .
Do one who suffered from this disease keep it a secret of infrom their relatives ?
Do a patient who suffered from this disease keep it a secret of infrom their relatives ?
Do one who suffered from this disease keep it a n enigma of infrom their relatives ?
Do one who suffered from this disease keep it a secret of infrom their offspring ?
Do one who suffered from this hereditary disease keep it a secret of infrom their relatives ?
Do one who suffered from this disease keep it a secret of infrom their descendants ?
In retrospect , its is also ones duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks in their own .
In retrospect , its is also ones duty to ensure that he or she undergo regular healthchecks in their own .
In retrospect , its is also ones responsibility to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks in their own .
In retrospect , its is also ones obligation to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks in their own .
In contemplation , its is also ones duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks in their own .
In retrospect , its is also ones duty to ensure that he or she undergo cyclic healthchecks in their own .
Sometimes some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication .
Sometimes certain family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication .
Sometimes some family structure and religious beliefs can influence the pattern of communication .
Sometimes some family structure and cultural beliefs can affect the pattern of communication .
Sometimes some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the ornament of communication .
Sometimes some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of conversation .
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from : the son or daughter for example , the parents who knows about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed ' to tell .
Depending on whom the inheritable risk was discovered from : the son or daughter for example , the parents who knows about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed ' to tell .
Depending on whom the hereditary risk was discovered from : the son or daughter for example , the parents who knows about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed ' to tell .
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from : the son or daughter for example , the parents who understands about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed ' to tell .
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from : the son or daughter for example , the parents who knows about this would terminate who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed ' to tell .
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from : the son or daughter for example , the parents who knows about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed ' to announce .
For example , within a family , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , either adult at risk .
For example , within a kinship , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , either adult at risk .
For example , within a family , regardless of who had first received physical information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , either adult at risk .
For example , within a family , regardless of who had first received mental information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , either adult at risk .
For example , within a family , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the original responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , either adult at risk .
For example , within a family , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary obligation to pass on information to any offspring , either adult at risk .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information as they not want to know .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to leak such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information as they not want to know .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such message to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information as they not want to know .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information as they not intend to know .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be willing to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information as they not want to know .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further perplexed by an individual 's response to risk information as they not want to know .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
Hence , there were also tensions if members felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on messages to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to folks who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor prompt those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to perceive ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
The notion of authority also extended 'vertically' .
The perception of authority also extended 'vertically' .
The notion of authority also extended 'perpendicularly' .
The notion of authority still extended 'vertically' .
That notion of authority also extended 'vertically' .
The notion of power also extended 'vertically' .
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
For example , a grandmother may have more convenience to pass on information than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on genes than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to carry on information than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , although when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic danger herself while the aunt is .
From a practitioner 's perspective these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticists ' views of family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
From a practitioner 's point of view these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticists ' views of family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
From a practitioner 's perspective these findings are decisive because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticists ' views of family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
From a practitioner 's perspective these discoveries are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticists ' views of family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
From a practitioner 's perspective these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticists ' views of family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be reliant on the cultural and ethnic context .
From a practitioner 's perspective these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social concept they may not be in line with geneticists ' views of family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assisting those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
Conclusively , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assisting those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may profit from such information and assisting those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assisting those at risk to make thoughtful decisions about disclosure .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assisting those at risk to make considered choices about disclosure .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assisting those at risk to make considered decisions about confession .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is to them .
Whose obligation it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is to them .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly relies on the personal moral and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is to them .
Whose duty it is to notify at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is to them .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not considerably depends on the personal moral and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is to them .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral and the nature of how 'directive ' the danger is to them .
People with close blood relationship generally carry some similar genes .
Relatives with close blood relationship generally carry some similar genes .
People with intimate blood relationship generally carry some similar genes .
People with close blood relationship normally carry some similar genes .
People with close blood relationship generally carry some identical genes .
People with close blood relationship generally carry some similar features .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others known about the risk so that his/her familay members are able to perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is discovered to carry genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others known about the risk so that his/her familay members are able to perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others known about the risk so that his/her familay members are able to perform some daily excesses to inhibit the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the problem and let others known about the risk so that his/her familay members are able to perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others known about the danger so that his/her familay members are able to perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others known about the risk so that his/her familay members are able to do some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk entails the issue of self privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to inhibit the potential disease .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy , it is important for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obliged to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her folks in order for them to prevent the potential disease .
I agree with this statement to a large extent .
I agree with this decision to a large extent .
I totally agree with this statement to a large extent .
I agree with this brilliant statement to a large extent .
I agree with this statement to a great extent .
I agree with this statement to a large degree .
Focus on the negative side of the annouance of genetic risk first .
Focus on the negative side of the annouance of risk first .
Focus on the negative side of the annouance on genetic risk first .
Focus on the negative side of the annouance of inherited risk first .
Focus on the negative side of the annouance of genetic diseases first .
Focus on the negative side of the annouance of genetic risk at first .
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it as a secret as the genetic risk may indicates their high chance to carry certain disease .
Large numbers of victims with the genetic risk would want to keep it as a secret as the genetic risk may indicates their high chance to carry certain disease .
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would intend to keep it as a secret as the genetic risk may indicates their high chance to carry certain disease .
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it as a secret as the genetic risk may indicates their high chance to infect certain disease .
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it as a secret as the genetic risk may indicates their high chance to carry particular disease .
Large amounts of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it as a secret as the genetic risk may indicates their high chance to carry certain disease .
Especially for the young people without marrige , if he/she is known to have some genetic risk , it may have certain chance that his/her child would carry the same disease , but not in certain .
Especially for the young couples without marrige , if he/she is known to have some genetic risk , it may have certain chance that his/her child would carry the same disease , but not in certain .
Especially for the young people without marrige , if he/she is known to have some genetic diseases , it may have certain chance that his/her child would carry the same disease , but not in certain .
Especially for the young people without marrige , if he/she is recognized to have some genetic risk , it may have certain chance that his/her child would carry the same disease , but not in certain .
Especially for the young people without marrige , if he/she is known to have some genetic risk , it may have certain chance that his/her offspring would carry the same disease , but not in certain .
Especially for the young people without marrige , if he/she is known to have some genetic risk , it may have certain chance that his/her child would carry the similar disease , but not in certain .
Therefore , to keep the information as secret to his/her future spouce would help the relationship .
Therefore , to keep the information as secret to his/her potential spouce would help the relationship .
Therefore , to keep the message as secret to his/her future spouce would help the relationship .
Therefore , to keep the information as secret to his/her future spouce would assist the relationship .
Therefore , to keep the information as secret to his/her future spouce would help the rapport .
Therefore , to keep the information as secret to his/her future spouce could help the relationship .
Secondly , annouance the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue , although the factor would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future thus go to hospital and do additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creats unnecessary costs to the family .
Secondly , annouance the potential risk would cause the family member to be afraid of this certain issue , although the factor would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future thus go to hospital and do additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creats unnecessary costs to the family .
Secondly , annouance the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain problem , although the factor would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future thus go to hospital and do additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creats unnecessary costs to the family .
Secondly , annouance the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue , although the factor would not be that severe , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future thus go to hospital and do additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creats unnecessary costs to the family .
Secondly , annouance the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue , although the factor would not be that serious , people would still worry that they would have some potential disease in the future thus go to hospital and do additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creats unnecessary costs to the family .
Secondly , annouance the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue , although the factor would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future thus go to hospital and do additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creats redundant costs to the family .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to get the potential disease .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risk would influence the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to get the potential disease .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the folks as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to get the potential disease .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too consanguineous to the carrier so that they have less chance to get the potential disease .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may determine not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to get the potential disease .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to infect the potential disease .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept as a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep the privacy , but it has much larger negative impacts to the family members and relatives .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept as a secret , although it may assist the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep the privacy , but it has much larger negative impacts to the family members and relatives .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept as a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and boost to keep the privacy , but it has much larger negative impacts to the family members and relatives .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept as a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep the privacy , but it has much larger adverse impacts to the family members and relatives .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept as a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep the it a secret , but it has much larger negative impacts to the family members and relatives .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept as a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep the privacy , but it has much greater negative impacts to the family members and relatives .
First , for the case of marrige , people should be honest and tell his/her spouce they may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offsprings .
First , for the case of marrige , people should be sincere and tell his/her spouce they may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offsprings .
First , for the case of marrige , people should be honest and tell his/her spouce they may inherit certain genetic risk that may affect their offsprings .
First , for the case of marrige , people should be honest and inform his/her spouce they may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offsprings .
First , for the case of marrige , people should be honest and tell his/her spouce they may carry certain genetic diseases that may affect their offsprings .
First , for the case of marrige , people should be honest and tell his/her spouce they may carry certain genetic risk that may influence their offsprings .
It is better to let the other party know the fact than after the baby is born and certain type of genetic disease is found .
It is necessary to let the other party know the fact than after the baby is born and certain type of genetic disease is found .
It is better to let the other party know the truth than after the baby is born and certain type of genetic disease is found .
It is better to let the other party understand the fact than after the baby is born and certain type of genetic disease is found .
It is better to let the other party know the fact than after the baby is born and particular type of genetic disease is found .
It is better to let the other party know the fact than after the baby is born and certain type of genetic disease is discovered .
It is better for both parties to be honest .
It is better for both associations to be honest .
It is better for both organizations to be honest .
It is important for both parties to be honest .
It is essential for both parties to be honest .
It is better for both parties to be downright .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene together with their daily habits .
Secondly , psychical disease has a close relationship with the born gene together with their daily habits .
Secondly , physical disease has a close relationship with the born gene together with their daily habits .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the born sequence together with their daily habits .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene together with their daily conventions .
Secondly , genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene together with their daily pastimes .
For example , if a carrier is told that he/she has the risk to have diabetes .
For example , if a carrier is informed that he/she has the risk to have diabetes .
For example , if a carrier is advised that he/she has the risk to have diabetes .
For example , if a carrier is told that he/she has the possibility to have diabetes .
For example , if a carrier is told that he/she has the feasibility to have diabetes .
For example , if a carrier is told that he/she has the risk to have Down's syndrome .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake to much sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier tell this information to the relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future becouse of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
In this case , the patient can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake to much sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier tell this information to the relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future becouse of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
In this case , the carrier can eat less confections and chocolates to prevent intake to much sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier tell this information to the relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future becouse of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake to much sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier conveys this information to the relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future becouse of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake to much sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier tell this information to the relatives , it will be helpful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future becouse of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake to much sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier tell this information to the relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future becouse of affiliated genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know , they may end up with to have diabete in the future without any prevention .
Otherwise , if the other members did not know , they may end up with to have diabete in the future without any prevention .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not comprehend , they may end up with to have diabete in the future without any prevention .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know , they may end up with to have diabete in the future without any hindrance .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know , they may end up with to have diabete in the future without any interference .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not understand , they may end up with to have diabete in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers relatives overweights the costs .
In a word , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers relatives overweights the costs .
In conclusion , we could tell the advantages of telling genetic risk to the carriers relatives overweights the costs .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of informing genetic risk to the carriers relatives overweights the costs .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic hazards to the carriers relatives overweights the costs .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers kinships overweights the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives , in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises .
Therefore , it would be significant for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives , in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises .
Therefore , it would be momentous for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives , in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to convey the information to the relatives , in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives , in order to let them know and prevent the latent disease through daily exercises .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives , in order to let them know and prevent the prospective disease through daily exercises .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large amount of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a sizable amount of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a galactic amount of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large amount of various kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large amount of sophisticated kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large amount of different kinds of inflammations are caused by genetic reasons .
Genetic disorder may or may not be hirataged hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of diseases .
Genetic disorder may or may not be hirataged potential disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of diseases .
Genetic disorder may or may not be hirataged latent disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of diseases .
Genetic disorder may or may not be hirataged hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of syndromes .
Genetic disorder may or may not be hirataged hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of maladies .
Physical disorder may or may not be hirataged hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of diseases .
It is a long time discussion that whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by gene .
It is a long time conversation that whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by gene .
It is a prolonged time discussion that whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by gene .
It is a long time discussion that whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her families that his or her disease is caused by gene .
It is a long time discussion that whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her syndrome is caused by gene .
It is a long time discussion that whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disorder is caused by gene .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
From the legal aspect , the correct answer is no but from the ethical aspect , the correct answer should be yes .
From the legal aspect , the answer is absolutely but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
From the legal aspect , the answer should be no but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
From the legal aspect , the reply is no but from the ethical aspect , the reply should be yes .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no but from the ethical aspect , the answer can be yes .
We ca n't make a law to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his genetic problem .
We ca n't make a law to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her family members about his genetic problem .
We ca n't make a law to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his genetic issue .
We ca n't make a law to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives about his genetic problem .
We ca n't make a law to force a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his genetic problem .
We ca n't legislate to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his genetic problem .
It is immoral and impractical .
It is safe and reliable .
It is unethical and impractical .
It is immoral and cruel .
It seems immoral and impractical .
They are immoral and impractical .
Firstly , someone having what kinds of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Actually , someone having what kinds of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Firstly , someone who has what kinds of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Firstly , a woman having what kinds of disease belongs to her privacy .
Firstly , someone having what kinds of sexual orientation belongs to his or her privacy .
Someone having what kinds of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
Privicy protection belongs to one 's human rights .
Privicy protection is part of one 's human rights .
Privicy protection should be protected .
Privicy protection is included in one 's human rights .
Privicy protection is a right .
Privicy protection belongs to one person 's human rights .
If a law requires someone to tell others ' his or her privacy especially when the one is not willing to do so .
If a rule requires someone to tell others ' his or her privacy especially when the one is not willing to do so .
If a law forces someone to tell others ' his or her privacy especially when the one is not willing to do so .
If a law requires someone to tell others ' his or her privacy especially when the one does not want to do so .
If a law requires somebody to tell others ' his or her privacy especially when the one is not willing to do so .
If a law requires someone to tell others ' his or her secret especially when the one is not willing to do so .
It is againt his or her human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
It is againt one's human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
It is againt his or her civil rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
It is againt his or her human rights and it is also against the law 's spirit .
It is againt his or her human rights and it is against the community spirit .
It is againt his or her human rights but it is not against the law 's spirit .
The law 's spirit also include the fairness .
The law 's ethos also include the fairness .
The statute 's spirit also include the fairness .
The law 's spirit include the fairness .
The law 's spirit also include the objectivity .
Actually, the law 's spirit also include the fairness .
What is the basic difference between genetic disorder and other disorders .
What is the obvious difference between genetic disorder and other disorders .
What is the basic distinction between genetic disorder and other disorders .
What is the basic difference between psychiatric disorder and other disorders .
What is the basic difference between genetic factors and other factors .
What on earth is the basic difference between genetic disorder and other disorders .
It is unfair to release a law only point to the genetic disorder .
It is too unfair to release a law only point to the genetic disorder .
It is unethical to release a law only point to the genetic disorder .
It is unfair to publish a law only point to the genetic disorder .
It is unfair to release a legislation only point to the genetic disorder .
It is unfair to release a law only point to the psychiatric disorder .
In addition , it is impractical to make such a law .
In addition , it is illogical to make such a law .
In addition , it is impractical to make such a rule .
In addition , it is impractical to make such a sophisticted law .
In addition , it is not impractical to make such a law .
In addition , it is impractical to make such a law on food hygiene .
A good law should be clear and easy to execute .
A good regulation should be clear and easy to execute .
A good law should be explicit and easy to execute .
A good law should be clear and simple to execute .
A good law must be clear and easy to execute .
A pure law should be clear and easy to execute .
However , there are many problems againt the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her ralatives the cause of his or her diseases .
However , there are many obstacles againt the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her ralatives the cause of his or her diseases .
However , there are many problems againt the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her ralatives the origin of his or her diseases .
However , there are many problems againt the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her ralatives the cause of his or her illnesses .
However , there are multiple problems againt the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her ralatives the cause of his or her diseases .
However , there are many problems againt the execution of demanding a carrier to tell his or her ralatives the cause of his or her diseases .
Firstly , what is the range of the relatives ?
First and foremost , what is the range of the relatives ?
Firstly , what is the range of the close relatives ?
Firstly , what is the specific range of the relatives ?
Firstly , what is the scope of the relatives ?
Firstly , which is the range of the relatives ?
For example , does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
For example , does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell family like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
For example , does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives include his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
For example , does the carrier only need to inform his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
For example , does the messager only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
For example , does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also have to tell relatives like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
If you say only need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of law .
If you believe only need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of law .
If you say only need to inform direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of law .
If you say only need to tell direct folks , it will be against the fairness of law .
If you say only need to tell direct relatives , it will be bad for the fairness of law .
If you say only need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of law .
Other relatives may have the same possibilities to have such kind of disease .
Other relatives may have the equal possibilities to have such kind of disease .
Other relatives may have the same chances to have such kind of disease .
Other relatives may have the same possibilities to have such kind of illness .
Other siblings may have the same possibilities to have such kind of disease .
Other relatives may get the same possibilities to have such kind of disease .
How can a law made by government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
How can a decision made by government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
How can a law made by government exonerate such a group of people from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
How can a law made by government exempt such a group of individuals from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
How can a law made by government exempt such a group of people from preparing to realize their potetial disease ?
How can a law made by government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potetial sickness ?
However , from the ethical point of view .
However , from the humane point of view .
Nonetheless , from the ethical point of view .
However , from the ethical angle of view .
However , from the different ethical point of view .
However , from an ethical point of view .
To the carrier himself of herself , he of she should have a feeling of resposiblity to tell his or her relatives their genetic disorder .
To the carrier himself of herself , he of she should have a feeling of resposiblity to inform his or her relatives of their genetic disorder .
To the carrier himself of herself , he of she should have a feeling of resposiblity to tell his and her relatives their genetic disorder .
To the carrier himself of herself , he of she should have a feeling of resposiblity to tell his or her folks their genetic disorder .
To the carrier himself of herself , he of she should have a feeling of resposiblity to tell his or her relatives serious genetic disorder .
To the carrier himself of herself , he of she should have a feeling of resposiblity to tell his or her relatives their genetic weaknesses .
By doing this ,they may be able to save some lives of their relatives .
By achieving this ,they may be able to save some lives of their relatives .
By completing this ,they may be able to save some lives of their relatives .
By doing this ,they may be able to rescue some lives of their relatives .
By doing this ,they may be able to bring back some lives of their relatives .
By doing this ,they may be able to save some lives of their offspring .
It is because a carrier with bad gene may not necessary have those genetic disease , if they can have coresponding healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene 's function become stronger .
It is because a sufferer with bad gene may not necessary have those genetic disease , if they can have coresponding healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene 's function become stronger .
It is because a carrier with bad gene may not necessary have those genetic disease , if they can have coresponding healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene 's feature become stronger .
It is because a carrier with bad gene may not necessary have those genetic disease , if they can have coresponding wholesome lifestyle before the age that the gene 's function become stronger .
It is because a carrier with bad gene may not necessary have those genetic disease , if they can have coresponding robust lifestyle before the age that the gene 's function become stronger .
It is because a carrier with bad gene may not necessary have those genetic disease , if they can have coresponding healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene 's function become more vulnerable .
A typical example is genetic caused hypertension .
A representative example is genetic caused hypertension .
A typical illustration is genetic caused hypertension .
A typical instance is genetic caused hypertension .
A typical example is genetic created hypertension .
A typical example is genetic caused hyperlipidemia .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in blood which can cause hypertension .
Hyperglycemia can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in blood which can cause hypertension .
Hyperuricaemia can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in blood which can cause hypertension .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic sequelae which make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in blood which can cause hypertension .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to absorb the fat and salt in blood which can cause hypertension .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to incorporate the fat and salt in blood which can cause hypertension .
People usually get this kind of hypertesion after they become adult .
Patients usually get this kind of hypertesion after they become adult .
People usually get this category of hypertesion after they become adult .
People usually get this kind of hypertesion after they become mature .
People usually get this kind of hypertesion after they become juvenile .
People usually get this kind of diabetes after they become adult .
However , if they already know they have a gene that may make them have higher possibilities to get hypertention .
However , if they already understand they have a gene that may make them have higher possibilities to get hypertention .
However , if they already know they have a gene that may make them have higher expectations to get hypertention .
However , if they already know they have a gene that may make them have higher possibilities to suffer from hypertention .
However , if they already know they have a gene that may make them have higher possibilities to contract hypertention .
However , if they already know they have a gene that may make them have higher possibilities to get hyperglycemia .
They can build a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
They can establish a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
They can build a regular habit to eat less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
They can build a conventional habit to eat less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
They can build a daily habit to consume less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
They can build a daily habit to eat less salt and lipoid and thus to avoid hypertension .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't push genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or she should be willing to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem .
In a nutshell , our community ca n't push genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or she should be willing to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem .
In a nutshell , our league ca n't push genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or she should be willing to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't push genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her offspring but he or she should be willing to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't push genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or she should be voluntary to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't push genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or she should be consenting to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem .
By doing so , less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
By doing this , less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
By doing so , less of his or her beloved offsprings will suffer from the genetic problem .
By doing so , less of his or her beloved children will suffer from the genetic problem .
By doing so , less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic disease .
By doing so , less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the physical problem .
In the age of rapid technological advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible .
In the age of prompt technological advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible .
In the age of speedy technological advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible .
In the age of rapid technological development , a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible .
In the age of rapid technological advancement , a large number of medical breakthroughs are made possible .
In the age of rapid international advancement , a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible .
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one 's decision to undergo .
Genetic scrutiny is made possible and available for one 's decision to undergo .
Ethical testing is made possible and available for one 's decision to undergo .
Environmental testing is made possible and available for one 's decision to undergo .
Genetic testing is made probable and available for one 's decision to undergo .
Genetic testing is made possible and accessible for one 's decision to undergo .
It is able to detect the illnesses or diseases and even a child 's parentage .
It is probable to detect the illnesses or diseases and even a child 's parentage .
It is possible to detect the illnesses or diseases and even a child 's parentage .
It is able to discover the illnesses or diseases and even a child 's parentage .
It is able to ascertain the illnesses or diseases and even a child 's parentage .
It is able to detect the illnesses or diseases and even a child 's genealogy .
However , it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
However , it will become a debatable issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
However , it will become a disputable issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
However , it will become a controversial object as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
However , it will become a controversial subject as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
However , it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a perplexity for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives , there might have chances for them to have it in their blood , which they may do necessary precautions to prevent .
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or offsprings , there might have chances for them to have it in their blood , which they may do necessary precautions to prevent .
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives , there might have possibility for them to have it in their blood , which they may do necessary precautions to prevent .
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives , there might have chances for them to have it in their blood , which they may do essential precautions to prevent .
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives , there might have chances for them to have it in their blood , which they may do necessary preventions to prevent .
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives , there might have chances for them to have it in their cells , which they may do necessary precautions to prevent .
But , if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease , most of the relatives will be disheartened upon having the knowledge about it .
But , if it is a fatal disease as a genetic disease , most of the relatives will be disheartened upon having the knowledge about it .
But , if it is a terminal disease as a genetic syndrome , most of the relatives will be disheartened upon having the knowledge about it .
But , if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease , most of the family members will be disheartened upon having the knowledge about it .
But , if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease , most of the relatives will be pessimistic upon having the knowledge about it .
But , if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease , most of the relatives will be demoralized upon having the knowledge about it .
Therefore , some carriers will have the opinion of keeping it as a secret .
As a result , some carriers will have the opinion of keeping it as a secret .
Therefore , some patients will have the opinion of keeping it as a secret .
Therefore , some potential carriers will have the opinion of keeping it as a secret .
Therefore , some carriers will have the opinion of keeping it as a perplexity .
Therefore , some carriers will have the opinion of keeping it as confusion .
This essay will discuss about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not .
This thesis will discuss about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not .
This composition will discuss about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not .
This essay will discuss about whether a carrier of a sophisticated genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not .
This essay will discuss about whether a carrier of a celebrated genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not .
This essay will discuss about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her spouse or not .
Some said that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered as a personal information which should be kept confidential .
Some people said that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered as a personal information which should be kept confidential .
Some said that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is conceived as a personal information which should be kept confidential .
Some said that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is regarded as a personal information which should be kept confidential .
Some said that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered as a personal information which should be kept private .
Some said that the genetic menace that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered as a personal information which should be kept confidential .
Most patients will be depressed after realising his or her conditions .
Most patients will become depressed after realising his or her conditions .
Most genitors will be depressed after realising his or her conditions .
Most patients will be gloomy after realising his or her conditions .
Most patients will be dejected after realising his or her conditions .
Nearly all the patients will be depressed after realising his or her conditions .
If one has a genetic disease after the test , he or she might not wish to inform the relatives as he might ended up dishearten his extended family .
If one has a genetic disease after the examination , he or she might not wish to inform the relatives as he might ended up dishearten his extended family .
If one has a genetic disease after the experiment , he or she might not wish to inform the relatives as he might ended up dishearten his extended family .
If one has a genetic disease after the test , he or she might not be willing to inform the relatives as he might ended up dishearten his extended family .
If one has a genetic disease after the test , he or she might not wish to inform the relatives as he might ended up dishearten his stretched family .
If one has a genetic disease after the test , he or she might not wish to notify the relatives as he might ended up dishearten his extended family .
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring in any pessimism into their family .
Some people will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring in any pessimism into their family .
Some will intend to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring in any pessimism into their family .
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to verify that they will not bring in any pessimism into their family .
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring in any temperament into their family .
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to confirm that they will not bring in any pessimism into their family .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden of anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Furthermore , some carriers will wish not to become a burden of anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Furthermore , some will even wish not to become a burden of anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a vexation of anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a concern of anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden of others as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some seen it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease in confidential .
As a result , some seen it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease in confidential .
Therefore , some seen it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease in confidential .
Hence , some seen it as being thoughtful in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease in confidential .
Hence , some seen it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of contracting the disease in confidential .
Hence , some seen it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the syndrome in confidential .
On the other hand , others may think that it will be considerate to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency of getting the same genetic risk .
On the other hand , others may consider that it will be considerate to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency of getting the same genetic risk .
On the other hand , others may think that it will be attentive to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency of getting the same genetic risk .
On the other hand , others may think that it will be thoughtful to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency of getting the same genetic risk .
On the other hand , others may think that it will be considerate to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher inclination of getting the same genetic risk .
On the other hand , others may think that it will be considerate to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency of getting the same orthopedic risk .
Hence , they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to do some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Consequently , they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to do some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Accordingly , they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to do some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Hence , they will be able to track help from medical specialists to find a cure or to do some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Hence , they will be able to seek assistance from medical specialists to find a cure or to do some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Hence , they will be able to seek help from medical physicians to find a cure or to do some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases , given in the context of current medical technology .
However , it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases , given in the context of current medical technology .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what sort of genetic diseases , given in the context of current medical technology .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what category of genetic diseases , given in the context of current medical technology .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of cardiac diseases , given in the context of current medical technology .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases , given in the context of contemporary medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage .
For example , lung cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage .
For example , brain cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the inchoate stage .
For example , breast cancer is a severe disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage .
For example , breast cancer is a complicated disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage .
Hence , with the knowledge of having genetic risk , the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up , which might save them in realising it at a earlier stage .
Therefore , with the knowledge of having genetic risk , the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up , which might save them in realising it at a earlier stage .
Hence , with the knowledge of having genetic risk , the desendants of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up , which might save them in realising it at a earlier stage .
Hence , with the knowledge of having genetic risk , the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical examination , which might save them in realising it at a earlier stage .
Hence , with the knowledge of having genetic risk , the relatives of this genetic disease will do a surgical check-up , which might save them in realising it at a earlier stage .
Hence , with the knowledge of having genetic risk , the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up , which might save them in realising it at a earlier period .
In conclusion , it will be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives .
In a word , it will be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives .
In conclusion , it will be attentive to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives .
In conclusion , it will be considerate to inform the possibility of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives .
In conclusion , it will be considerate to inform the risk of contracting the same genetic disease to the relatives .
In conclusion , it will be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic malady to the relatives .
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention , such as financial issue , everyone should be given the rights of knowing their family 's inherented medical conditions .
Though there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention , such as financial issue , everyone should be given the rights of knowing their family 's inherented medical conditions .
Although there might be a lot of obstacles along the way in seeking medical attention , such as financial issue , everyone should be given the rights of knowing their family 's inherented medical conditions .
Although there might be a lot of dilemmas along the way in seeking medical attention , such as financial issue , everyone should be given the rights of knowing their family 's inherented medical conditions .
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the path in seeking medical attention , such as financial issue , everyone should be given the rights of knowing their family 's inherented medical conditions .
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention , such as psychological issue , everyone should be given the rights of knowing their family 's inherented medical conditions .
However , some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life .
Nevertheless , some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life .
However , some people think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life .
However , some think that it could be better for those who are ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life .
However , some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it and will continue living happily .
However , some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it and will carry on leading a happy life .
In addition , some may think that even knowing about having genetic risk of the disease , it will just adding on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it .
Moreover , some may think that even knowing about having genetic risk of the disease , it will just adding on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it .
In addition , some people may think that even knowing about having genetic risk of the disease , it will just adding on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it .
In addition , some might think that even knowing about having genetic risk of the disease , it will just adding on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it .
In addition , some may think that even knowing about having infectious risk of the disease , it will just adding on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it .
In addition , some may think that even knowing about having genetic risk of the disease , it will just adding on to their depression as there is nothing that they can do about it .
All-in-all , it depends on individual and also the nature of the disease , but he or she should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities in curing or preventing it .
Generally speaking , it depends on individual and also the nature of the disease , but he or she should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities in curing or preventing it .
All-in-all , it depends on individual and the nature of the disease , but he or she should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities in curing or preventing it .
All-in-all , it depends on individual and also the nature of the disease , but he or she should be required to inform the relatives if there are possibilities in curing or preventing it .
All-in-all , it depends on individual and also the nature of the disease , but he or she should be obligated to inform the family members if there are possibilities in curing or preventing it .
All-in-all , it depends on individual and also the nature of the disease , but he or she should be obligated to let the relatives know if there are possibilities in curing or preventing it .
Genectic testing is a personal decision , with the kowledge that there is a possiblity that one could be a carrier or not .
Genectic testing is a personal decision , with the kowledge that there is a possiblity that one might be a carrier or not .
Genectic testing is a personal decision , with the kowledge that there is a probability that one could be a carrier or not .
Genectic testing is a personal decision , with the kowledge that there is a rel possiblity that one could be a carrier or not .
Genectic testing is a personal decision , with the kowledge that there is a possiblity that one could be infected with a disease or not .
Genectic testing is a decision , with the kowledge that there is a possiblity that one could be a carrier or not .
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even though if there is no risk at all .
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be required to undergo genetic testing , even though if there is no risk at all .
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to take genetic testing , even though if there is no risk at all .
Those who are born into a family which has a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even though if there is no risk at all .
Those who are born into a family with a history of cardiovascular disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even though if there is no risk at all .
Those who are born into a single-parent family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even though if there is no risk at all .
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
Early pre-examination is healthy because it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will eliminate unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwarranted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
Pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and have an impact on the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
For a genetic risk carrier , there should be choice given with regards to informing his/her relatives .
For a genetic risk carrier , there should be choice given with regards to telling his/her relatives .
For a carrier , there should be choice given with regards to informing his/her relatives .
For a genetic risk carrier , there might be choice given with regards to informing his/her relatives .
For a potentil genetic risk carrier , there should be choice given with regards to informing his/her relatives .
For a genetic risk carrier , there should be choice given with regards to informing his/her family members .
There should not be forced or obligied to do so , as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
There might not be forced or obligied to do so , as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
There should not be required or obligied to do so , as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
There should not be forced or obligied to do so , as it may negatively and profoundly affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
There should not be forced or obligied to do so , as it may negatively affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
There should not be forced or obligied to do so , as it may have a bad impact on the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
With regard to this choice given , there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making .
With regard to this choice given , there should be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making .
With regard to this choice given , there must be some rules to control and exercise personal freedom of decision making .
With regard to this choice given , there must be numerous rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making .
In regard to this choice given , there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making .
With regard to this choice given , there must be some rules to regulate personal freedom of decision making .
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then most likely the decision of informing the relative should be made with the consideration of the patients parents or legal guardian .
If the carrier is a minor or a child , then most likely the decision of informing the relative should be made with the consideration of the patients parents or legal guardian .
If the genetic risk carrier is a kid or a child , then most likely the decision of informing the relative should be made with the consideration of the patients parents or legal guardian .
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then most likely the decision of informing the family members should be made with the consideration of the patients parents or legal guardian .
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then most likely the decision of informing the relative should be made with the consideration of the patients parents .
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then most likely the decision of informing the relative might be made with the consideration of the patients parents or legal guardian .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of the consequences of such genetic disorder due to their young age .
Such sufferers are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of the consequences of such genetic disorder due to their young age .
Such patients are still affectionally volatile or they may be unaware of the consequences of such genetic disorder due to their young age .
Such patients are still emotionally vertiginous or they may be unaware of the consequences of such genetic disorder due to their young age .
Such patients are still emotionally precarious or they may be unaware of the consequences of such genetic disorder due to their young age .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of the resultants of such genetic disorder due to their young age .
Furthermore the act of informing others without the consent from their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Besides the act of informing others without the consent from their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Furthermore the act of notifying others without the consent from their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Furthermore the act of informing others without the agreement from their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Furthermore the act of informing others without the concord from their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Furthermore the act of informing others without the consent from their parents or the patients itself could injure the psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought need to put on the immediate family as it could caused a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members itself .
Thus , much thought need to put on the proximate family as it could caused a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members itself .
Thus , much thought need to put on the unmediated family as it could caused a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members itself .
Thus , much thought need to put on the immediate family as it could caused a disturbance of unwanted events from the patient or the family members itself .
Thus , much thought need to put on the immediate family as it could caused a disruption of unwanted events from the patient or the family members itself .
Thus , much thought need to put on the immediate family as it could caused a stir of abdicable events from the patient or the family members itself .
Some family may feel hurt , with regards to their family pride or reputation , on having the knowledge of such genetic disorder running in their family .
Some family may feel injured , with regards to their family pride or reputation , on having the knowledge of such genetic disorder running in their family .
Some family may feel hurt , with regards to their family satisfaction or reputation , on having the knowledge of such genetic disorder running in their family .
Some family may feel hurt , with regards to their family pride or laurel , on having the knowledge of such genetic disorder running in their family .
Some family may feel hurt , with regards to their family pride or reputation , on having the knowledge of such genetic disease running in their family .
Some family may feel hurt , with regards to their family pride or reputation , on having the knowledge of such genetic disorder running in their kindred .
However , there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
Nevertheless , there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
However , there is a role and a sense of obligation to inform their relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
However , there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives because it is a genetic disorder .
However , there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their spouse since it is a genetic disorder .
However , there is a role and a sense of responsibility to notify their relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree .
There might be a prospect that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree .
There might be a possibility that the gastric disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree .
There might be a possibility that the vascular disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree .
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also influence their relatives and any other families within the same family tree .
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family unit .
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic disease is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevention towards the genetic disorder .
The significance of informing relatives of such genetic disease is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevention towards the genetic disorder .
The substance of informing relatives of such genetic disease is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevention towards the genetic disorder .
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic disease is essential as it may help to raise awareness and prevention towards the genetic disorder .
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic disease is indispensable as it may help to raise awareness and prevention towards the genetic disorder .
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic disease is vital as it may help to raise consciousness and prevention towards the genetic disorder .
Also , this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and tosimilarly undergo genetic testingto find out about the outcome .
Also , this known information will help their relatives to make informed judgments and tosimilarly undergo genetic testingto find out about the outcome .
Also , this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and tosimilarly participate in genetic testingto find out about the outcome .
Also , this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and tosimilarly endure genetic testingto find out about the outcome .
Also , this known information will help their acquaintances to make informed decisions and tosimilarly undergo genetic testingto find out about the outcome .
Also , this known information will help their relatives to support informed decisions and tosimilarly undergo genetic testingto find out about the outcome .
Thus , having the knowledge that such genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinal thoughts .
Therefore , having the knowledge that such genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinal thoughts .
Furthermore , having the knowledge that such genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinal thoughts .
Thus , having the knowledge that such genetic disorder is harmless would be beneficial towards their emotinal thoughts .
Thus , having the knowledge that such genetic disorder is benign would be advantageous towards their emotinal thoughts .
Thus , having the knowledge that such genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their physical thoughts .
And if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically of the future outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions .
And if the outcomes turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically of the future outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions .
And if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be equipped emotionally and psychologically of the future outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions .
And if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be embattled emotionally and psychologically of the future outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions .
And if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically of the forthcoming outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions .
And if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically of the approaching outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it is been made known to them .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier would be showered with ethical and emotional support from their relatives if it is been made known to them .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and impassioned support from their relatives if it is been made known to them .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional assistance from their relatives if it is been made known to them .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their siblings if it is been made known to them .
In addition , the potential risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it is been made known to them .
Having support from relatives are vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will certainly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future prospect of the genetic disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Having backing from relatives are vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will certainly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future prospect of the genetic disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Having support from relatives are necessary as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will certainly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future prospect of the genetic disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Having support from relatives are vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this problem and it will certainly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future prospect of the genetic disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Having support from relatives are vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will absolutely provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future prospect of the genetic disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Having support from relatives are vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will certainly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future expectation of the genetic disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such genetic disorder will be dependent of the situation and backgroung of the affected family , with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision of informing others .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such genetic disorder will be reliant of the situation and backgroung of the affected family , with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision of informing others .
Therefore , the choice to inform relatives of such genetic disorder will be dependent of the situation and backgroung of the affected family , with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision of informing others .
Therefore , the decision to tell relatives of such genetic disorder will be dependent of the situation and backgroung of the affected family , with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision of informing others .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such genetic disorder will be dependent of the condition and backgroung of the affected family , with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision of informing others .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such genetic disorder will be dependent of the situation and backgroung of the susceptible family , with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision of informing others .
A person with a disorder , regardless of mental or physical disorder , is always easy to be awared by his or her families .
A relative with a disorder , regardless of mental or physical disorder , is always easy to be awared by his or her families .
A person with a illness , regardless of mental or physical disorder , is always easy to be awared by his or her families .
A person with a disorder , regardless of mental or physical problem , is always easy to be awared by his or her families .
A person with a genetic disorder , regardless of mental or physical disorder , is always easy to be awared by his or her families .
A person with a disorder , regardless of serious mental or physical disorder , is always easy to be awared by his or her families .
When things come to genetic issues , it is not that simple anymore .
When things come to genetic disorders , it is not that simple anymore .
When things come to genetic issues , it is not that easy anymore .
When things come to inherited issues , it is not that simple anymore .
When things come to genetic issues , it is not that simple and pure anymore .
When things come talking about genetic issues , it is not that simple anymore .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generation , but not all of the offsprings show the relevant symptoms .
Genetic disease inheritance is generation by generation , but not all of the offsprings show the relevant symptoms .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generation , but not all of the offsprings show the pertinent symptoms .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generation , but not all of the offsprings show the relevant syndromes .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generation , but not all of the offsprings show those relevant symptoms .
Genetic disorder heredity is generation by generation , but not all of the offsprings show the relevant symptoms .
Sometimes a family with potential genetic disorder risk may not be able to detect the potential harm inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any observable disorder symptoms .
Sometimes a family with potential genetic disorder risk may not be able to spot the potential harm inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any observable disorder symptoms .
Sometimes a family with potential genetic illness risk may not be able to detect the potential harm inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any observable disorder symptoms .
Sometimes a family with potential genetic disorder risk may not be able to detect the potential damage inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any observable disorder symptoms .
Sometimes a family with potential genetic disorder risk may not be able to detect the potential harm inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any detectable disorder symptoms .
Sometimes a family with potential genetic disorder risk may not be able to detect the potential harm inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any observable disorder syndrome .
As a result , in the case that when one of the members happen to feel uncomfortable or unnormal , he or she should aware that whether the disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
As a result , in the case that when one of the members happen to feel distressing or unnormal , he or she should aware that whether the disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
As a result , in the case that when one of the members happen to feel uncomfortable or unnormal , he or she should aware that whether the discomfort in his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
As a result , in the case that when one of the members happen to feel uncomfortable or unnormal , he or she should aware that whether the disorder in his or her body is a genetic inheritance or not .
As a rule , in the case that when one of the members happen to feel uncomfortable or unnormal , he or she should aware that whether the disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
As a result , in the case that when one of the family members happen to feel uncomfortable or unnormal , he or she should aware that whether the disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
Afterward , the carrier will face a serious ethical issue , which is to reveal the problem to his or her relatives or not .
Afterward , the carrier will face a severe ethical issue , which is to reveal the problem to his or her relatives or not .
Afterward , the carrier will face a serious ethical problem , which is to reveal the problem to his or her relatives or not .
Afterward , the carrier will face a serious ethical issue , which is to expose the problem to his or her relatives or not .
Afterward , the carrier will run into a serious ethical issue , which is to reveal the problem to his or her relatives or not .
Afterward , the carrier will face a serious ethical issue , which is to reveal the dilemma to his or her relatives or not .
If the disorder symptoms reflect on a kid , the parent will be informed by the medics for sure , then the whole family will stay alert to their bodies ' condition .
If the disorder symptoms reflect on a kid , the parent will be informed by the medics for sure , then the entire family will stay alert to their bodies ' condition .
If the disorder symptoms reflect on a kid , the parent will be informed by the medics for sure , then the whole family will stay vigilant to their bodies ' condition .
If the disease symptoms reflect on a kid , the parent will be informed by the medics for sure , then the whole family will stay alert to their bodies ' condition .
If the disorder symptoms reflect on a kid , the parent will be informed by the medics for sure , then the whole family will stay alert to their bodies ' state .
If the disorder symptoms reflect on a kid , the parent will be informed by the medical workers for sure , then the whole family will stay alert to their bodies ' condition .
On contrary , if the carrier is an adult , who has his own choice to choose whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk , that will be more complex .
On contrary , if the carrier is an adolescent , who has his own choice to choose whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk , that will be more complex .
On contrary , if the carrier is an individual , who has his own choice to choose whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk , that will be more complex .
On contrary , if the carrier is an adult , who has his own choice to choose whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk , that will be much more complex .
On contrary , if the carrier is an adult , who has his own choice to choose whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk , that will be more complicated .
On contrary , if the carrier is an adult , who has his own choice to choose whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk , that will be more sophisticated .
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself , there is no doubt that he or she will tell his or her family about the issue .
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself , there is no suspect that he or she will tell his or her family about the issue .
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself , there is no distrust that he or she will tell his or her family about the issue .
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself , there is no doubt that he or she will tell his or her family about the matter .
One may consider that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself , there is no doubt that he or she will tell his or her family about the issue .
One may think that if the carrier is a caring individual who loves his or her family more than himself , there is no doubt that he or she will tell his or her family about the issue .
That is true and of course it is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
That is apodictic and of course it is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
That is genuine and of course it is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
That is true and of course it is the responsibility of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
That is true and of course it is the obligation of a family member to harbor and take care of the family .
That is true and of course it is the obligation of a family member to safeguard and take care of the family .
Think of the other way , if a child of the family knows that he has the risk to become a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well inherit to his child in the future , his whole life will be in a dilenma .
Think of the other way , if a progeny of the family knows that he has the risk to become a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well inherit to his child in the future , his whole life will be in a dilenma .
Think of the other way , if a child of the family knows that he has the risk to become a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well inherit to his child in the future , his entire life will be in a dilenma .
Think of the other way , if a child of the family knows that he has the risk to become a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well inherit to his child in the future , his integral life will be in a dilenma .
Think of the other way , if a child of the family knows that he has the risk to become a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well inherit to his child in the future , his whole life will be in a confusion .
Think of the other way , if a kid of the family knows that he has the risk to become a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well inherit to his child in the future , his whole life will be in a dilenma .
And of course , he or she will think of not having any child after getting married , and the same thought goes to the cousins as well .
And of course , he or she will think of not bearing any child after getting married , and the same thought goes to the cousins as well .
And of course , he or she will think of not procreating any child after getting married , and the same thought goes to the cousins as well .
And of course , he or she will think of not having any child after getting married , and the same concept goes to the cousins as well .
And of course , he or she will think of not having any child after getting married , and the same impression goes to the cousins as well .
And of course , he or she will think of not having any child after getting married , and the same thought goes to the relatives as well .
As a result , the family generation stops by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
As a consequence , the family generation stops by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
As a result , the family generation pauses by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
As a result , the family generation ceases by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
As a result , the family generation stops by the moment the mature carrier announces his issue .
As a result , the family generation stops by the moment the adult carrier declares his issue .
In China , the older generation with traditional culture background , will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family liven up and stronger .
In China , the older generation with conventional culture background , will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family liven up and stronger .
In China , the older generation with traditional culture background , will always think of procreating more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family liven up and stronger .
In China , the older generation with traditional culture background , will always think of rearing more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family liven up and stronger .
In China , the older generation with traditional culture background , will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family liven up and more powerful .
In China , the older generation with traditional culture background , will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family liven up and more prosperous .
The reason behind is that after WOWII the population of China decreased dramatically and so the government encourage the people to give more birth .
The reason behind is that after WOWII the populace of China decreased dramatically and so the government encourage the people to give more birth .
The reason behind is that after WOWII the population of China reduced dramatically and so the government encourage the people to give more birth .
The reason behind is that after WOWII the population of China diminished dramatically and so the government encourage the people to give more birth .
The reason behind is that after WOWII the population of China decreased strikingly and so the government encourage the people to give more birth .
The reason behind is that after WOWII the population of China decreased impressively and so the government encourage the people to give more birth .
During that period , if one of the family member reflects genetic disorder symptoms , he will fell in an ethical dilenma for sure .
During that epoch , if one of the family member reflects genetic disorder symptoms , he will fell in an ethical dilenma for sure .
During that decade , if one of the family member reflects genetic disorder symptoms , he will fell in an ethical dilenma for sure .
During that period , if one of the family member reflects genetic disorder disease , he will fell in an ethical dilenma for sure .
During that period , if one of the family member reflects genetic disorder symptoms , he will fell in an ethical obstacle for sure .
During that period , if one of the family member reflects genetic disorder symptoms , he will fell in an ethical challenge for sure .
The medical treatment technology during that time is not advanced enough to completely cure him .
The operative treatment technology during that time is not advanced enough to completely cure him .
The surgical treatment technology during that time is not advanced enough to completely cure him .
The medical treatment equipment during that time is not advanced enough to completely cure him .
The medical treatment remedy during that time is not advanced enough to completely cure him .
The medical treatment technology during that time is not precocious enough to completely cure him .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperity with a potential generic risk .
He has to choose whether to harbor his family or make his family more prosperity with a potential generic risk .
He has to choose whether to protect his relatives or make his family more prosperity with a potential generic risk .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperity with a latent generic risk .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperity with a hereditary generic risk .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperity with a potential generic menace .
And so , he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth be mined forever .
And as a result , he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth be mined forever .
And so , he would have decided not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth be mined forever .
And so , he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the fact be mined forever .
And so , he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth be mined permanently .
And so , he would have chosen not to participate in generic disorder testing and let the truth be mined forever .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by the others because they will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in the family .
This category of ethical issue can not be judged by the others because they will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in the family .
This kind of emotional issue can not be judged by the others because they will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in the family .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by the others because they will not comprehend the position and duty of the carrier in the family .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by the others because they will not understand the position and responsibility of the carrier in the family .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by the others because they will not believe the position and duty of the carrier in the family .
In conclude , people should think carefully of what is the consequences of telling the relatives his or her generic disorder issue .
As a conclude , people should think carefully of what is the consequences of telling the relatives his or her generic disorder issue .
In conclude , people should ponder carefully of what is the consequences of telling the relatives his or her generic disorder issue .
In conclude , people should think carefully of what is the consequences of informing the relatives his or her generic disorder issue .
In conclude , people should think carefully of what is the consequences of telling the relatives his or her generic heredity issue .
In conclude , people should think conscientiously of what is the consequences of telling the relatives his or her generic disorder issue .
It is an obligation for a carrier to inform his relatives , but also an obligation for a family member to liven up the family .
It is an essential duty for a carrier to inform his relatives , but also an obligation for a family member to liven up the family .
It is not only an obligation for a carrier to inform his relatives , but also an obligation for a family member to liven up the family .
It is an obligation for a carrier to notify his relatives , but also an obligation for a family member to liven up the family .
It is an obligation for a potential carrier to inform his relatives , but also an obligation for a family member to liven up the family .
It is an obligation for a carrier to inform his relatives , but also an obligation for a family member to liven up the whole family .
Regardlessly , if the disorder is rarely to be fatal , or it does not caused any inconvenience to the carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
Regardlessly , if the syndrome is rarely to be fatal , or it does not caused any inconvenience to the carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
Regardlessly , if the disorder is rarely to be mortal , or it does not caused any inconvenience to the carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
Regardlessly , if the disorder is rarely to be fatal , or it does not caused any discomfort to the carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
Regardlessly , if the disorder is rarely to be fatal , or it does not caused any inconvenience to the carrier , revealing the truth is always the indispensable thing to do .
Regardlessly , if the disorder is rarely to be fatal , or it does not caused any inconvenience to the carrier , disclosing the truth is always the right thing to do .
In my opinion , the carrier should tell his or her relatives about it .
In my perspective , the carrier should tell his or her relatives about it .
In my opinion , the carrier should inform his or her relatives about it .
In my opinion , the carrier should mention his or her relatives about it .
In my opinion , the carrier has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives about it .
In my opinion , the carrier must tell his or her relatives about it .
One of the reasons why is because as a carrier , she or he needs a mental support to go through with this situation .
One of the explanations why is because as a carrier , she or he needs a mental support to go through with this situation .
One of the reasons why is because as a carrier , she or he demands a mental support to go through with this situation .
One of the reasons why is because as a carrier , she or he needs a financial support to go through with this situation .
One of the reasons why is because as a carrier , she or he needs a physical support to go through with this situation .
One of the reasons why is because as a patient , she or he needs a mental support to go through with this situation .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on its own .
It will be difficult for an individual to deal with the issue on its own .
It will be arduous for an individual to deal with the issue on its own .
It will be hard for an adolescent to deal with the issue on its own .
It will be hard for an individual to handle the issue on its own .
It will be hard for a juvenile to deal with the issue on its own .
By telling to his or her family other than being a support , they could possibly help her to get alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now .
By telling to his or her family other than being a support , they could potentially help her to get alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now .
By telling to his or her family other than being a support , they could possibly assist her to get alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now .
By telling to his or her family other than being a support , they could possibly help her to get various solutions to the problem that she is facing right now .
By telling to his or her family other than being a support , they could possibly help her to get optional solutions to the problem that she is facing right now .
By telling to his or her family other than being a support , they could possibly help her to get alternative methods to the problem that she is facing right now .
Other than that , I believe that the stong bond we have with our family is the biggest pillar of support to the carrier .
Beyond that , I believe that the stong bond we have with our family is the biggest pillar of support to the carrier .
Other than that , I regard the stong bond we have with our family as the biggest pillar of support to the carrier .
Other than that , I believe that the stong tie we have with our family is the biggest pillar of support to the carrier .
Other than that , I believe that the stong relationship with our family is the biggest pillar of support to the carrier .
Other than that , I believe that the stong bond we have with our family is the most powerful support for the carrier .
Furthermore , as it is a genetic problem , it will be better for the carrier to inform his or her family as other family member might experience the same thing .
In addition , as it is a genetic problem , it will be better for the carrier to inform his or her family as other family member might experience the same thing .
Furthermore , since it is a genetic problem , it will be better for the carrier to let his or her family know as other family member might experience the same thing .
Furthermore , as it is a genetic problem , it will be better for the carrier to inform his or her family because other family member might experience the same thing .
Furthermore , as it is a genetic problem , it will be better for the carrier to inform his or her family as other family member might suffer the same thing .
Furthermore , as there is a genetic link to this , it will be better for the carrier to inform his or her family as other family member might experience the same thing .
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem , they could have a full check-up for themselves and it will be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves .
By ensuring that they are aware of this genetic problem , they could have a full check-up for themselves and it will be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves .
By making sure that they realize this genetic problem , they could have a full check-up for themselves and it will be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves .
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem , they could have a complete physical examination for themselves and it will be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves .
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem , they could have a full check-up for themselves , it will be better if which could prevent it from happening to themselves .
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem , they could have a full check-up for themselves and it will be better if this is an effective prevention for them .
I find that it is important to inform especially if it is contagious , the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to the society .
I find that it is significant to inform especially if it is contagious , the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to the society .
I find that it is important to inform particularly if it is contagious , the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to the society .
I find that it is important to inform especially if it is contagious , the carrier has the opportunity to prevent the disease from spreading out to the society .
I find that it is important to inform especially if it is contagious , the carrier could stop the spread of the disease to the society .
I find that it is important to inform especially if it is contagious , the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to the society by informing others .
For every action there is always pros and cons .
For every action there is usually pros and cons .
For every action there is always two sides .
For every action there is always both advantages and disadvantages .
For every action there is always pros and cons like a double-edged sword .
There is no doubt that for every action there is always pros and cons .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not reveal their disease to the family members as they do not want to make their family members worry and feel uncomfortable or even feel ostracized by them .
I believe that some of the carriers will decide to not reveal their disease to the family members as they do not want to make their family members worry and feel uncomfortable or even feel ostracized by them .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not disclose their disease to the family members as they do not want to make their family members worry and feel uncomfortable or even feel ostracized by them .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not reveal their disease to the family members because they do not want to make their family members worry and feel uncomfortable or even feel ostracized by them .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not reveal their disease to the family members as they do not want to make their family members worry about themselves and feel uncomfortable or even feel ostracized by them .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not reveal their disease to the family members as they do not want to make their family members worry and feel uncomfortable or even feel rejected by them .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lots of money for the treatment , the carrier might not want to be the burden in her family .
Besides , as it could incur spending a lots of money for the treatment , the carrier might not want to be the burden in her family .
Furthermore , as it could result in treatment to spend a lots of money , the carrier might not want to be the burden in her family .
Furthermore , as it could incur costing a lots of money for the treatment , the carrier might not want to be the burden in her family .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lots of money for the treatment , the carrier might not want to be the burden in her family and affect her .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lots of money for the treatment , the carrier is worried about being the burden in her family .
I could understand the feeling of the carrier .
I could know a lot about the feeling of the carrier .
Most people could understand the feeling of the carrier .
I could actually understand the feeling of the carrier .
I could understand the feeling of the carrier , and I can empathize with it .
I could understand the feeling of the carrier , and I'm sure many people feel the same way .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in thefamily .
She or he is not unwilling to be the source of unhappiness in thefamily .
She or he does not want to bring unhappiness to thefamily .
She or he does not want to be the source of sadness in thefamily .
She or he does not want to be the cause of unhappiness in thefamily .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness and frustration in thefamily .
However , we will never know whether this negative effects will happen when the carrier decide to tell his or her family of the his or her condition .
However , we can not predict whether this negative effects will happen when the carrier decide to tell his or her family of the his or her condition .
However , we will never know if this negative effects will happen when the carrier decide to tell his or her family of the his or her condition .
However , we will never know whether this adverse effects will happen when the carrier decide to tell his or her family of the his or her condition .
However , we will never know whether this negative impacts will happen when the carrier decide to tell his or her family of the his or her condition .
However , we will never know whether this negative effects will occur when the carrier decide to tell his or her family of the his or her condition .
Keeping the Secret of Genetic Testing
Keeping the Secret of Genetic Examination
Keeping the Secret of Genetic Experiment
Keeping the Secret of Religious Testing
Keeping the Secret of Ethical Testing
Disclosing the Secret of Genetic Testing
What is genetic risk ?
What is the secret of genetic risk ?
What is the definition of genetic risk ?
What is the potential risk ?
What is genetic menace ?
What is genetic hazard ?
Genetic risk refers more to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
Genetic risk refers more to your possibility of inheriting a disorder or disease .
Mental risk refers more to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
Genetic risk means more your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
Genetic risk refers more to your risk of inheriting a disorder or disease .
Genetic risk refers more to your chance of contracting a disorder or disease .
People get certain disease because of genetic changes .
People get specific disease because of genetic changes .
People get particular disease because of genetic changes .
People get certain disease due to genetic changes .
People get certain disease owing to genetic changes .
People get certain disease because of genetic modifications .
How much a genetic change tells us about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear .
How much a genetic transformation tells us about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear .
How much a genetic diversification tells us about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear .
How much a genetic change tells us about your chance of contracting a disorder is not always clear .
How much a genetic change tells us about your chance of developing a disorder is always obstructed .
How much a genetic change informs us about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you definitely will develop heart disease .
If your genetic results implys that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you definitely will develop heart disease .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes related to an increased risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you definitely will develop heart disease .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an accrued risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you definitely will develop heart disease .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you definitely will contract heart disease .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you definitely will suffer from heart disease .
The opposite is also true .
The opposite is also precise .
The opposite is also correct .
The opposite is especially true .
The opposite is absolutely true .
The opposition is also true .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible that you develop heart disease .
If your genetic outcomes show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible that you develop heart disease .
If your genetic results indicate that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible that you develop heart disease .
If your genetic results show that you do not have modifications associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible that you develop heart disease .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes related to an increased risk of heart disease , it is still possible that you develop heart disease .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an accumulated risk of heart disease , it is still possible that you develop heart disease .
However for some rare diseases , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
However for some remarkable diseases , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
However for some rare diseases , people who have specific gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
Nevertheless for some rare diseases , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
However for some rare diseases , people who have certain gene changes are pledged to develop the disease .
However for some rare diseases , people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to contract the disease .
When we are diagonosed out with certain genetic disease , are we suppose to disclose this result to our relatives ?
When we are diagonosed out with incurable genetic disease , are we suppose to disclose this result to our relatives ?
When we are diagonosed out with certain genetic disease , are we suppose to reveal this result to our relatives ?
When we are diagonosed out with certain genetic disease , are we suppose to disclose this outcome to our relatives ?
When we are diagonosed out with certain psychological disease , are we suppose to disclose this result to our relatives ?
When we are diagonosed out with certain genetic disease , are we suppose to unveil this result to our relatives ?
In conclusion , personally I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
To sum up , personally I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
In conclusion , personally I reckon that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
In conclusion , personally I feel that it is necessary for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
In conclusion , personally I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the incident .
In conclusion , personally I feel that it is better for the janitor to inform her family members about the issue .
The carrier should be honest with his or her feeling and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on to his or her life .
The carrier should be candid with his or her feeling and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on to his or her life .
The headmaster should be honest with his or her feeling and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on to his or her life .
The carrier ought to be honest with his or her feeling and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on to his or her life .
The carrier should be honest with his or her sentiments and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on to his or her life .
The carrier should be honest with his or her feeling and I find that it is the right of the family member to be roughly aware of what is going on to his or her life .
If anything wrong happened to the carrier 's life , without informing the family members it could make a huge regret in their life if she leaves without them knowing about it .
If anything miserable happened to the carrier 's life , without informing the family members it could make a huge regret in their life if she leaves without them knowing about it .
If anything wrong occurred in the carrier 's life , without informing the family members it could make a huge regret in their life if she leaves without them knowing about it .
If anything wrong happened to the carrier 's life , without notifying the family members it could make a huge regret in their life if she leaves without them knowing about it .
If anything wrong happened to the carrier 's life , without informing the family members it could make a twinge of regret in their life if she leaves without them knowing about it .
If anything wrong happened to the carrier 's safety , without informing the family members it could make a huge regret in their life if she leaves without them knowing about it .
On top of that , it is better to think about solutions for her problem with the family members as there are more heads to think about it rather than thinking about it alone and struggling on your own .
On top of that , it is better to figure out solutions for her problem with the family members as there are more heads to think about it rather than thinking about it alone and struggling on your own .
On top of that , it is better to think about solutions for her tricky problem with the family members as there are more heads to think about it rather than thinking about it alone and struggling on your own .
On top of that , it is necessary to think about solutions for her problem with the family members as there are more heads to think about it rather than thinking about it alone and struggling on your own .
On top of that , it is better to think about solutions for her problem with the family members as there are more heads to think about it instead of thinking about it alone and struggling on your own .
On top of that , it is better to think about solutions for her problem with the family members as there are more heads to address it rather than thinking about it alone and struggling on your own .
In the end , I believe that the support in terms of mental or even monetary from your family could help the carrier to fight against the genetic disease .
In the end , I believe that the support in terms of mental or even financial from your family could help the carrier to fight against the genetic disease .
In the end , I believe that the support in terms of spiritual or even monetary from your family could help the carrier to fight against the genetic disease .
In the end , I believe that the support in terms of mental or even monetary aspect your family could help the carrier to fight against the genetic disease .
In the end , I believe that the support in terms of mental or even monetary from your family could help the carrier to combat the genetic disease .
In the end , I believe that the support in terms of mental or even monetary from your family could help the carrier to fight against the coronary disease .
True enough that there are lots of cancer 's patient who were given second choice to live as a normal person as they have a strong mental support from their loved one .
True enough that there are lots of cancer 's patient who were given second choice to live as a normal person as they have a strong psychological support from their loved one .
True enough that there are numerous cancer 's patient who were given second choice to live as a normal person as they have a strong mental support from their loved one .
True enough that there are lots of cancer 's patient who were offered second choice to live as a normal person as they have a strong mental support from their loved one .
True enough that there are lots of cancer 's patient who were given second choice to survive as a normal person as they have a strong mental support from their loved one .
True enough that there are lots of cancer 's patient who were given second choice to live as a normal person as they have a immense mental support from their loved one .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our mind healthy and strong , we can fight any disease as they come to us when we are fragile and weak .
From my perspective , as long as we keep our mind healthy and strong , we can fight any disease as they come to us when we are fragile and weak .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our mind sound and strong , we can fight any disease as they come to us when we are fragile and weak .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our mind healthy and strong , we can overcome any disease as they come to us when we are fragile and weak .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our mind healthy and sharp , we can fight any disease as they come to us when we are fragile and weak .
In my opinion , as long as we keep our mind healthy and strong , we can fight any disease as they come to us when we are fragile and vulnerable .
As the techonology has been advancing , it has reached a stage whereby the advancement triggers some ethical dilemmas in relation to the acutual use of the techonology .
With the techonology advancing , it has reached a stage whereby the advancement triggers some ethical dilemmas in relation to the acutual use of the techonology .
As the techonology has been advancing , it has reached a stage whereby the advancement sparks off some ethical dilemmas in relation to the acutual use of the techonology .
As the techonology has been advancing , it has reached a stage whereby the advancement triggers some ethical predicament in relation to the acutual use of the techonology .
As the techonology has been advancing , it has reached a stage whereby the advancement triggers some ethical dilemmas connected with the acutual use of the techonology .
As the techonology has been advancing , it has reached a stage whereby the advancement triggers countless ethical dilemmas in relation to the acutual use of the techonology .
Genetic testing has been made possible- it has become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing .
Genetic testing has been made possible- it has become convenient to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing .
Genetic testing has been made possible- it has become easy to tell whether one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing .
Genetic testing has been made possible- it has become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a specific genetic risk through genetic testing .
Genetic testing has been made possible- it has become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk via genetic testing .
Genetic testing has been made possible- it has become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing in the hospital .
If used for a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness , however , it could also make situation worse by revealing who the carrier is , in the family .
If used for a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary misfortune , however , it could also make situation worse by revealing who the carrier is , in the family .
If used for a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness , nonetheless , it could also make situation worse by revealing who the carrier is , in the family .
If applied for a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness , however , it could also make situation worse by revealing who the carrier is , in the family .
If used for a good purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness , however , it could also aggravate situation by revealing who the carrier is , in the family .
If used for a good purpose , it can ward off unnecessary unhappiness , however , it could also make situation worse by revealing who the carrier is , in the family .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and I think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I belive that he or she has right not to know .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic disorder should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and I think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I belive that he or she has right not to know .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her immediate family and I think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I belive that he or she has right not to know .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and I think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I belive that he or she has choice not to know .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and I think that the carrier should not be duty-bound to do so because I belive that he or she has right not to know .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and I agree that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I belive that he or she has right not to know .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is compulsory .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is obligatory .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is effective and compulsory .
First of all , genetic testing is not something that is compulsory .
Firstly , genetic disorder testing is not something that is compulsory .
Firstly , commercial genetic testing is not something that is compulsory .
Of course , some people may do it to make their futures slightly happier , however , the carrier , before the testing , can choose not to go for the test and simply live with unknowns and accept the facts .
Of course , some people may do it to make their futures a little happier , however , the carrier , before the testing , can choose not to go for the test and simply live with unknowns and accept the facts .
Of course , some people may do it to make their futures slightly happier , however , the carrier , before the testing , can decide not to go for the test and simply live with unknowns and accept the facts .
Of course , some people may do it to make their futures slightly happier , however , the carrier , before the testing , can choose not to go for the test and merely live with unknowns and accept the facts .
Of course , some people may do it to make their futures slightly happier , however , the carrier , before the testing , can choose not to go for the test and simply live with uncertainties and accept the facts .
Of course , some people may do it to make their futures slightly happier , however , the carrier , before the testing , can choose not to go for the test and simply live with unknowns and accept the truth .
If he chooses to live in the uncertainty that the gene holds and willing to accept it , he could do that , and it has been something that is 'normal ' to everyone in the past as gentic testing was not possible .
If he decides to live in the uncertainty that the gene holds and willing to accept it , he could do that , and it has been something that is 'normal ' to everyone in the past as gentic testing was not possible .
If he chooses to live in the uncertainty that the gene holds and willing to accept it , he could do that , and it has been something that is 'normal ' to everyone in the past as gentic testing was not feasible .
If he chooses to live in the confusion that the gene holds and willing to accept it , he could do that , and it has been something that is 'normal ' to everyone in the past as gentic testing was not possible .
If he chooses to live in the uncertainty that the gene holds and willing to accept it , he could do that , and it has been something that is 'ordinary ' to everyone in the past as gentic testing was not possible .
If he chooses to live in the uncertainty that the gene holds and willing to receive it , he could do that , and it has been something that is 'normal ' to everyone in the past as gentic testing was not possible .
It could rather be better for him or her this way .
It could rather be much better for him or her this way .
It could rather be more important for him or her this way .
It could rather be better for him or her siblings this way .
It could rather be better for his relatives or her this way .
It would rather be better for him or her this way .
Some people might say that it is a form of prevention of giving birth to disabled lives and making them suffer in real-life .
Some people might believe that it is a form of prevention of giving birth to disabled lives and making them suffer in real-life .
Some people might say that it is a form of prevention of giving birth to handicapped lives and making them suffer in real-life .
Some people might say that it is a form of protection of giving birth to disabled lives and making them suffer in real-life .
Some people might say that it is a form of prevention of giving birth to disabled lives and making them struggle in real-life .
Some people might say that it is a type of prevention of giving birth to disabled lives and making them suffer in real-life .
I personally think this ist he right purpose of going through the genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid do not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer .
I personally think this ist he appropriate purpose of going through the genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid do not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer .
I personally think this ist he right purpose of going through the genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a handicapped kid do not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer .
I individually think this ist he right purpose of going through the genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid do not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer .
I personally think this ist he right purpose of going through the genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid do not have to give birth to their child and make the whole family suffer .
I personally think this ist he right purpose of going through the genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid do not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family undergo .
However , I belive that the carrier has right not to obligate to tell anyone but has responsibility to take an action to prevent any ethical dilemma .
However , I strongly belive that the carrier has right not to obligate to tell anyone but has responsibility to take an action to prevent any ethical dilemma .
However , I belive that the carrier has right not to obligate to inform anyone but has responsibility to take an action to prevent any ethical dilemma .
However , I belive that the carrier has right not to obligate to tell anyone but has duty to take an action to prevent any ethical dilemma .
However , I belive that the carrier has right not to obligate to tell anyone but has responsibility to take an action to inhibit any ethical dilemma .
However , I belive that the carrier has right not to obligate to tell anyone but has responsibility to take an action to prevent any ethical impasse .
If the result turned out something that the carrier can not accept then it would have been better not knowing the truth .
If the consequence turned out something that the carrier can not accept then it would have been better not knowing the truth .
If the result turned out something that the carrier can not fully accept then it would have been better not knowing the truth .
If the result turned out something that the carrier can not accept then it would have been better not learning the truth .
If the result turned out something that the carrier can not accept then it would have been better not knowing the heartbreaking truth .
If the result turned out something that the poor carrier can not accept then it would have been better not knowing the truth .
I belive that even the carrier has the right not to know the true fact .
I personally belive that even the carrier has the right not to know the true fact .
I belive that even the carrier has the right not to reveal the true fact .
I belive that even the innocent carrier has the right not to know the true fact .
I belive that even the carrier has the legal right not to know the true fact .
I belive that even the carrier has the right not to know the horrible true fact .
After realizing the he or she is tshe carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
After realizing the he or she is tshe carrier , the sentimental damage would be hard to bear .
After realizing the he or she is tshe carrier , the emotional trauma would be hard to bear .
After realizing the he or she is tshe victim , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
After realizing the he or she is tshe carrier , the emotional damage would be harsh to bear .
After realizing the he or she is tshe carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to endure .
It could possibly causes a problem in a family due to the fact and creates more unhappiness int the family .
It could be likely causes a problem in a family due to the fact and creates more unhappiness int the family .
It could possibly causes a psychological problem in a family due to the fact and creates more unhappiness int the family .
It could possibly causes a problem in a family due to the fact and creates more adversities int the family .
It could possibly causes a problem in society due to the fact and creates more unhappiness int the family .
It could possibly causes a problem in a family due to the fact and creates infinite unhappiness int the family .
Overall , I belive that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face it with relatives but he has no obligation to tell still .
To sum up , I belive that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face it with relatives but he has no obligation to tell still .
Overall , I belive that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and confront it with relatives but he has no obligation to tell still .
Overall , I belive that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face it with their beloved ones but he has no obligation to tell still .
Overall , I belive that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the harsh facts and face it with relatives but he has no obligation to tell still .
Overall , I belive that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face it with relatives but he has no obligation to confide still .
In fact , I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic testing and tak an appropriate action to the results .
As a matter of fact , I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic testing and tak an appropriate action to the results .
In fact , I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of undergoing the genetic testing and tak an appropriate action to the results .
In fact , I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the pros and cons of taking the genetic testing and tak an appropriate action to the results .
In fact , I strongly think that the carrier should deliberate on both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic testing and tak an appropriate action to the results .
In fact , I firmly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic testing and tak an appropriate action to the results .
The emotional depression that the carrier might get and the sense of guilty can be more than expected and could be a burden in mind for the rest of the life .
The mental depression that the carrier might get and the sense of guilty can be more than expected and could be a burden in mind for the rest of the life .
The emotional depression that the carrier might develop and the sense of guilty can be more than expected and could be a burden in mind for the rest of the life .
The emotional depression that the carrier might get and the sense of guilty can be more than expected and could be a burden deep inside for the rest of the life .
The emotional trauma that the carrier might get and the sense of guilty can be more than expected and could be a burden in mind for the rest of the life .
The emotional depression that the carrier might get and the sense of guilty can be more than expected and could probably be a burden in mind for the rest of the life .
On the other hand , without knowing any genetic disorder and accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the diability .
On the flip side , without knowing any genetic disorder and accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the diability .
On the other hand , without knowing any genetic disorder symptoms and accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the diability .
On the other hand , without knowing any genetic disorder and accepting the fact , the family will remain positive and work together to overcome the diability .
On the other hand , without knowing any genetic disorder and accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and join hands to overcome the diability .
On the other hand , without knowing any genetic disorder and accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to conquer the diability .
I think the family will stay mentally healty as it is , without having emtional stress .
I maintain the family will stay mentally healty as it is , without having emtional stress .
I think the family members will stay mentally healty as they are , without having emtional stress .
I think the family will remain mentally healty as it is , without having emtional stress .
I think the family will stay mentally healty as it is , without enduring emtional stress .
I think the family will stay mentally healty as it is , rather than having emtional stress .
Debates have been around for years , that should a carrier for a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Debates have been raging for years , that should a carrier for a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Debates have been around for years , that should a carrier for a specific genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Debates have been around for years , that should a carrier for a known genetic risk feel compelled to inform his or her relatives .
Debates have been around for a couple of years , that should a carrier for a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Debates have been around for years , that should a victim for a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed to others , especially close family or relatives , is the topic that worth discussing .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to go through genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed to others , especially close family or relatives , is the topic that worth discussing .
Any individual at risk for a certain disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed to others , especially close family or relatives , is the topic that worth discussing .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has an option to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed to others , especially close family or relatives , is the topic that worth discussing .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed to others , especially close family or relatives , is the topic that worth debating .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed to others , especially close family , is the topic that worth discussing .
This is an issue need to be addressed as family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
This is an issue need to be tackled as family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
This is an issue need to be addressed as family-related ethical dilemma is intertwined .
This is an issue need to be addressed immediately as family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
This is an issue need to be addressed as family-related ethical predicament is involved .
This is an issue need to be addressed as family-related ethical dilemma is part of it .
In this essay , few arguments will be pointed out in the support of view for any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives .
In this paper , few arguments will be pointed out in the support of view for any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives .
In this essay , few arguments will be pointed out in the support of opinion for any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives .
In this essay , few arguments will be pointed out in the support of view for any carrier of that known genetic disorder to tell his or her relatives .
In this essay , few debates will be pointed out in the support of view for any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives .
In this essay , few arguments will be pointed out in the support of view for any carrier of that severe genetic risk to tell his or her relatives .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , with them welcoming us to this new world .
When we were born wise , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , with them welcoming us to this new world .
When we were born , we were besieged by our family and relatives , with them welcoming us to this new world .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , with them greeting us to this new world .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and close relatives , with them welcoming us to this new world .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our family and relatives , with them welcoming us to this brand new world .
We were crying hard but we are not alone , it 's our family and relatives that grow us up .
We were weeping hard but we are not alone , it 's our family and relatives that grow us up .
We were crying hard but we are not deserted , it 's our family and relatives that grow us up .
We were crying hard but we are not alone , it 's our beloved family and relatives that grow us up .
We were crying bitterly but we are not alone , it 's our family and relatives that grow us up .
We were crying hard but we are not alone , it 's our family and close relatives that grow us up .
Hence , they should be the people be grateful for and the people we would like to share the joy together .
Hence , relatives should be the people be grateful for and the people we would like to share the joy together .
Hence , they should be the people be thankful for and the people we would like to share the joy together .
Thus , they should be the people be grateful for and the people we would like to share the joy together .
Hence , they should be the people be grateful for and the people we would be willing to share the joy together .
Hence , they should be the people be grateful for and the people we would like to share the and happiness together .
However , in the case pertaining to any health issue or to the extent of serious disorder , it may seems no point of sharing but this involves more than just sharing of bad news .
However , in the case pertaining to any health matter or to the extent of serious disorder , it may seems no point of sharing but this involves more than just sharing of bad news .
However , in the case pertaining to any health issue or to the extent of severe disorder , it may seems no point of sharing but this involves more than just sharing of bad news .
However , in the case relating to any health issue or to the extent of serious disorder , it may seems no point of sharing but this involves more than just sharing of bad news .
However , in the case pertaining to any health issue or to the extent of serious disorder , it may seems no point of sharing but this involves more than just sharing of disastrous news .
However , in the case pertaining to any health issue or to the extent of serious disorder , it may seems no point of sharing but this implies more than just sharing of bad news .
One definitely has the right to disclose his or her health issues to anyone , but it 's also one 's responsibility to inform the family and close relatives .
One absolutely has the right to disclose his or her health issues to anyone , but it 's also one 's responsibility to inform the family and close relatives .
One definitely has the right to disclose his or her health conditions to anyone , but it 's also one 's responsibility to inform the family and close relatives .
One definitely has the right to disclose his or her health issues to anyone , but it 's also one 's duty to inform the family and close relatives .
One definitely has the right to disclose his or her health issues to anyone , but it 's also one 's responsibility to notify the family and close relatives .
One definitely has the choice to disclose his or her health issues to anyone , but it 's also one 's responsibility to inform the family and close relatives .
As the case of health issue is related to genetic risk , with keyword on " genetic " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation .
As the case of health issue is pertinent to genetic risk , with keyword on " genetic " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation .
As the case of health issue is related to genetic risk , with keyword on " genetic " which highlights the potential risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation .
As the case of health issue is related to genetic risk , with keyword on " genetic " which emphasizes the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation .
As the case of health issue is related to genetic risk , with keyword on " genetic " which highlights the risk of passing down the disease to the next generation .
As the case of health issue is related to genetic risk , with keyword on " genetic " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the future generation .
Therefore , I would agree to that it 's obligated for a carrier of known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raise up in the future .
Therefore , I would agree to that it 's obligated for a carrier of known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raise up in the future .
Therefore , I would agree to that it 's obligated for a carrier of known genetic disorder to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raise up in the future .
Therefore , I would agree to that it 's obligated for a carrier of known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives to avert any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raise up in the future .
Therefore , I would agree to that it 's obligated for a carrier of known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical plight that could be raise up in the future .
Therefore , I would agree to that it 's obligated for a carrier of known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family-related moral dilemma that could be raise up in the future .
Despite one may argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such health issue or to bear it within him/herself , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives , for a proper discussion for solutions .
Despite one may claim that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such health issue or to bear it within him/herself , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives , for a proper discussion for solutions .
Despite one may argue that it 's still up to the individual to reveal such health issue or to bear it within him/herself , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives , for a proper discussion for solutions .
Despite one may argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such health issue or to bear it within him/herself , it 's surely helpful to share with close relatives , for a proper discussion for solutions .
Despite one may argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such health issue or to bear it within him/herself , it 's certainly useful to share with close relatives , for a proper discussion for solutions .
Despite one may argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such health issue or to bear it within him/herself , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives , for a decent discussion for solutions .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful in facing such disorder risk .
By doing so , one will become less stressful in facing such disorder risk .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful and anxious in facing such disorder risk .
By doing so , one will feel much stressful in facing such disorder risk .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful in coming across such disorder risk .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful in facing such genetic disorder risk .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Relatives will certainly be by your side and show more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and offer more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier of a certain genetic risk .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic defect .
Relatives will definitely be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such disorder risk .
By notifying them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such disorder risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting an uphill battle of such disorder risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such disorder defect .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such formidable disorder risk .
By informing them , the carrier with their supportive family is never alone in fighting the battle of such disorder risk .
On top of that , as the genetic risk may pass down to next generation , thus it will involve more than just one family .
More importantly , as the genetic risk may pass down to next generation , thus it will involve more than just one family .
On top of that , as the genetic risk may pass down to posterity , thus it will involve more than just one family .
On top of that , as the genetic risk may affect next generation , thus it will involve more than just one family .
On top of that , as the genetic risk may pass down to next generation , thus it will involve beyond just one family .
On top of that , as the genetic risk may pass down to next generation , thus it will be detrimental to more than just one family .
It is therefore I would agree for the obligation of telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for giving birth .
It is therefore I would agree for the obligation of telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for giving within a couple of months .
It is therefore I would agree for the obligation of sharing with the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for giving birth .
It is therefore I would agree for the obligation of telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and plan to give birth .
It is therefore I would agree for the responsibility for telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for giving birth .
It is therefore I would agree for the obligation of telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for pregnancy .
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemma .
This would avoid the rise of more family-related moral dilemma .
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemma .
This would avoid the occurrence of more family-related ethical dilemma .
This would prevent the rise of more family-related ethical dilemma .
This would to a large extent avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemma .
There are more intangible advantages that could support the stand of informing the relatives once the results are known after the test conducted .
There are more intangible merits that could support the stand of informing the relatives once the results are known after the test conducted .
There are more intangible advantages that could support the stand of notifying the relatives once the results are known after the test conducted .
There are more invisible advantages that could support the stand of informing the relatives once the results are known after the test conducted .
There are more intangible advantages that could support the viewpoints of informing the relatives once the results are known after the test conducted .
There are more intangible advantages that could support the stand of informing the relatives once the results are known after the test carried out .
In conclusion , in order to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
In summary , in order to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
In conclusion , in order to prevent the family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
In conclusion , in order to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any individual of known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
In conclusion , in order to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genetic defect to inform his/her relatives .
In conclusion , in order to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genetic risk to inform his/her beloved ones .
The benefits of doing so are able to outweigh its disadvantages .
The merits of doing so are able to outweigh its disadvantages .
The benefits of doing so are able to greatly outweigh its disadvantages .
The benefits of doing so are able to outshine its disadvantages .
The benefits of doing so are able to outweigh its drawbacks .
The benefits of doing so in a family are able to outweigh its disadvantages .
More supports must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing of such junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives .
More supports must be offered through different means to give better direction when one is standing of such junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives .
More supports must be provided through a wide range of means to give better direction when one is standing of such junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives .
More supports must be provided through different means to orient oneself when one is standing of such junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives .
More supports must be provided via different means to give better direction when one is standing of such junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives .
More supports must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing of such junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives or their family members .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
The decision to go through genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the sufferer at risk for a disorder .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be reached by the individual at risk for a disorder .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a genetic disorder .
The idea of undergoing genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
This is the common law in the society .
This is the universal law in the society .
This is the common rule in the society .
This is the common law in the modern society .
This is the accepted and common law in the society .
The moral law is the common law in the society .
However , it leads to a new problem that " should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
However , it leads to a new ethical problem that " should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
However , it leads to a new dispute that " should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
However , it leads to a new problem that " should a carrier of a known genetic risk be duty-bound to tell his or her relatives ?
However , it leads to a new problem that " should a carrier of a known genetic disorder be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
However , it gives rise to a new problem that " should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
" This issue has been discussed for a long time .
" This issue has been debated for a long time .
" This topic has been discussed for a long time .
" This issue has been discussed for a long period .
" This essential issue has been discussed for a long time .
" This issue has been discussed for quite a long time .
However , there is still a diversity of point of views among the people .
However , there is still a variety of point of views among the people .
However , there is still a wide diversity of point of views among the people .
However , there is as usual a diversity of point of views among the people .
However , there is still a diversity of point of views between the people .
However , there is still a diversity of point of views among the close relatives .
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue which is " should or should not " .
Thus , we are going to identify the benefits and disadvantages of the issue which is " should or should not " .
Thus , we are going to single out the advantages and disadvantages of the issue which is " should or should not " .
Thus , we are going to identify the potential advantages and disadvantages of the issue which is " should or should not " .
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the topic which is " should or should not " .
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and detriments of the issue which is " should or should not " .
Firstly , I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below : " I will be anxious about my families when he or she told me that he or she was a carrier of a known genetic risk " .
Firstly , I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below : " I will be nervous about my families when he or she told me that he or she was a carrier of a known genetic risk " .
Firstly , I believe most of us will comply with the sentences below : " I will be anxious about my families when he or she told me that he or she was a carrier of a known genetic risk " .
Firstly , I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below : " I will be anxious about my families when he or she told me that he or she was a carrier of a potential genetic risk " .
Firstly , I am sure most of us will agree with the sentences below : " I will be anxious about my families when he or she told me that he or she was a carrier of a known genetic risk " .
Firstly , I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below : " I will be anxious about my families when he or she told me that he or she was a carrier of a known genetic disorder " .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers does not want to tell their families are to continue their own life without the anxious of families .
Frequently , the purpose of the carriers does not want to tell their families are to continue their own life without the anxious of families .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers does not wish to tell their families are to continue their own life without the anxious of families .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers does not want to inform their families are to continue their own life without the anxious of families .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers does not want to tell their families are to carry on their own life without the anxious of families .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers does not want to tell their families are to continue their own way of life without the anxious of families .
It is obvious that there will be better for one person to be worried than many .
It is clear that there will be better for one person to be worried than many .
It is obvious that there will be better for one person to be concerned than many .
It is pretty obvious that there will be better for one person to be worried than many .
It is obvious that there will be better for an innocent person to be worried than many .
It is obvious that there will be much better for one person to be worried than many .
However , many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges oneself .
However , many of the carriers are not powerful enough to overcome the challenges oneself .
However , many of the carriers are not strong enough to deal with the challenges oneself .
However , many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the obstacles oneself .
However , the majority of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges oneself .
However , many of the genetic risk carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges oneself .
With the families ' support , there must be more energy to fight against with the demon .
With the families ' backup , there must be more energy to fight against with the demon .
With the families ' support , there must be more power to fight against with the demon .
With the families ' support , there must be more energy to beat against with the demon .
With the families ' support , there must be more energy to fight against with the insidious demon .
With the families ' support , there must be more energy to fight against with the evil .
Demon is not easily to be defeated and it is required much of energy and psychological support .
Demon is hardly to be defeated and it is required much of energy and psychological support .
Demon is not easily to be defeated and it is required much of energy and psychological assistance .
Demon in one's heart is not easily to be defeated and it is required much of energy and psychological support .
Demon is not easily to be overcome and it is required much of energy and psychological support .
Demon is not easily to be defeated and it is needed much of energy and psychological support .
Families give you the courage and support which you can not retrieve by yourself .
Parents give you the courage and support which you can not retrieve by yourself .
Families offer you the courage and support which you can not retrieve by yourself .
Families give you strength and support which you can not retrieve by yourself .
Families give you the courage and guidance which you can not retrieve by yourself .
Families give you the courage and support which you may not retrieve by yourself .
That is the most essential elements to overcome the challenges .
That is the most important elements to overcome the challenges .
That is the most essential elements to surmount the challenges .
That is the most essential elements in overcoming the challenges .
That is the most essential elements to overcome difficulties .
That may be the most essential elements to overcome the challenges .
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic is very serious that it can not be described .
Besides that , the potential risk of the known genetic is very serious that it can not be described .
Furthermore , the risk of the known genetic is very serious that it can not be described .
Besides that , the danger of the known genetic is very serious that it can not be described .
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic is very severe that it can not be described .
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic is very serious that it can not be sufficiently described .
The seriousness can be larger than our imagination .
The seriousness may be larger than our imagination .
The severity can be larger than our imagination .
Actually , the seriousness can be larger than our imagination .
The seriousness can be even larger than our imagination .
The seriousness can be larger than y our imagination .
Lying on the bed for the remaining life , and even die immediately , these are the consequences which we can not imagine .
Lying on the bed for the remaining life , and even die immediately , these are the repercussions which we can not imagine .
Lying on the bed for the remaining life , and even die immediately , these are the consequences which we can not fathom .
Lying on the bed for the remaining life , and even die immediately , these are the preordained consequences which we can not imagine .
Lying on the bed for the remaining life , and even die immediately , these are the consequences that we can not imagine .
Lying on the bed for the remaining life , and even die immediately , these are the consequences which we can not speculate .
Families are our dearest in our life .
Friends are our dearest in our life .
Families are our most important in our life .
Families are our dearest in y our life .
I think families are our dearest in our life .
Parents are our best teachers of their children .
Without their concern and support , we are hard to stay until this time .
Without their care and support , we are hard to stay until this time .
Without their concern and assistance , we are hard to stay until this time .
Thanks to their concern and support , we are not hard to stay until this time .
Without your concern and support , we are hard to stay until this time .
Without their concern and support , we are difficult to stay until this time .
They play the important role in our life which can not be substituted .
They play the essential role in our life which can not be substituted .
They play the important role in y our life which can not be substituted .
They play the important role in our life which should not be substituted .
These vitamins play the important role in our life which can not be substituted .
They play the important role in our life which can not be replaced .
A known genetic risk can also affect our next generation critically .
A genetic risk can also affect our next generation critically .
However , a known genetic risk can also affect our next generation critically .
A known genetic risk can still affect our next generation critically .
A known genetic risk may also affect our next generation critically .
A known genetic risk can also affect our younger generation critically .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences .
As a result , it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences .
Therefore , it is our obligation to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to inform the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of unpredicted consequences .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of unheralded consequences .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier 's families without the agreement of carrier .
Specifically , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier 's families without the agreement of carrier .
Generally , the healthcare facility or hospital will not tell the carrier 's families without the agreement of carrier .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the mortal 's families without the agreement of carrier .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier 's families without the authorization of carrier .
Generally , the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier 's families without the permission of carrier .
It is the ethic of staff in hospital to keep the secret of any patients .
It is the principle of staff in hospital to keep the secret of any patients .
It is the moral of staff in hospital to keep the secret of any patients .
It is the ethic of staff in agency to keep the secret of any patients .
It is the ethic of staff in hospital to keep the privacy of any patients .
It is the ethic of staff in hospital to protect the secret of any patients .
We can not blame them that they are liable to the undesired consequences .
We have no reason to blame them that they are liable to the undesired consequences .
We can not blame them that they are responsible to the undesired consequences .
We should not blame them that they are liable to the undesired consequences .
We can not blame them that they are liable to the unsatisfactory consequences .
We can not blame them that they are liable to the undesired outcomes .
However , hospital can provide a councilor to advice the carrier about the action can be taken .
Nevertheless , hospital can provide a councilor to advice the carrier about the action can be taken .
However , hospital can offer a councilor to advice the carrier about the action can be taken .
However , hospital can be equipped with a councilor to advice the carrier about the action can be taken .
However , hospital can provide a councilor to advice the carrier about the measure can be taken .
On the other hand , hospital can provide a councilor to advice the carrier about the action can be taken .
Therefore , this kind of circumstances will not be happened again and again .
Consequently , this kind of circumstances will not be happened again and again .
Accordingly , this kind of circumstances will not be happened again and again .
Therefore , this kind of coincidances will not be happened again and again .
Therefore , this kind of conditions will not be happened again and again .
Therefore , this kind of circumstances will not be happened frequently .
It is a method that benefits two parties which is a win-win situation .
It is a method that benefits two parties which is a reciprocal situation .
It is a mesure that benefits two parties which is a win-win situation .
It is a n approach that benefits two parties which is a win-win situation .
It is a method that avails two parties which is a win-win situation .
It is a method that benefits mutually parties which is a win-win situation .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk is encouraged to tell his or her relatives about the known genetic risk .
To conclude , a carrier of a known genetic risk is encouraged to tell his or her relatives about the known genetic risk .
In conclusion , a carrier of a foregone genetic risk is encouraged to tell his or her relatives about the known genetic risk .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk is supposed to tell his or her relatives about the known genetic risk .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk is advised to tell his or her relatives about the known genetic risk .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk is encouraged to inform his or her relatives about the known genetic risk .
However , there may be some special case that is hard to be defined .
However , there may be some peculiar case that is hard to be defined .
However , there may be some specific case that is hard to be defined .
However , there may be some special situations that are hard to be defined .
However , there may be some special case that is difficult to be defined .
However , there may be a certain special case that is hard to be defined .
Thus , advice from hospital plays the important role for this .
Consequently , advice from hospital plays the important role for this .
Thus , the suggestion from hospital plays the important role for this .
Thus , the encouragement from hospital plays the important role for this .
Thus , advice from the physician plays the important role for this .
As a result , advice from hospital plays the important role for this .
Carrier is responsible to balance his or her own interest and the benefits of family and even society .
Carrier is liable to balance his or her own interest and the benefits of family and even society .
Carrier is responsible to calculate his or her own interest and the benefits of family and even society .
Carrier is responsible to balance his or her personal interest and the benefits of family and even society .
Carrier is responsible to balance his or her profit and the benefits of family and even society .
Carrier is responsible to balance his or her own interest and the benefits of family and even community .
It is a hard decision to make but with the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and families in the future .
It is an ambitious decision to make but with the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and families in the future .
It is an arduous decision to make but with the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and families in the future .
It is a hard decision to make but with the most suitable way , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and families in the future .
It is a hard decision to make but with the most appropriate way , it will create great environments for the carrier and families in the future .
It is a hard decision to make but with the most appropriate way , it will create great atmospheres for the carrier and families in the future .
With the risk of being genetically disorder , many individuals have done the decision to undergo genetic testing .
With the hazard of being genetically disorder , many individuals have done the decision to undergo genetic testing .
With the risk of being genetically disorder , many patients have done the decision to undergo genetic testing .
With the risk of being genetically disorder , many individuals have done the decision to participate in genetic testing .
With the risk of being genetically disorder , many individuals have done the decision to undergo genetic examinations .
With the risk of being genetically disorder , many individuals have done the decision to undergo genetic experiments .
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier face an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risking of being the same genetic risk carrier .
With the nature that the outcomes will be known once the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier face an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risking of being the same genetic risk carrier .
With the nature that the results will be known immediately after the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier face an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risking of being the same genetic risk carrier .
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are done , each mortal that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier face an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risking of being the same genetic risk carrier .
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed to be a potential genetic risk carrier face an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risking of being the same genetic risk carrier .
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier face a financial problem : They should warn their relatives about the risking of being the same genetic risk carrier .
Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed .
Or else they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed .
Or they can decide to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed .
Or they can intend to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed .
Or they can choose to keep serene until the next carrier is diagnosed .
Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is discovered .
In the view of my point , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives , with the support of the following reasons .
In the view of my point , a carrier of a discovered genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives , with the support of the following reasons .
In the view of my point , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be amenable to tell his or her relatives , with the support of the following reasons .
In the view of my point , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives , with the assistance of the following reasons .
In the view of my point , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives , with the support of the following discussions .
In the view of my point , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her offspring , with the support of the following reasons .
First of all , from the angle of human right , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
First of all , from the angle of human right , a genetic risk carrier should not be amenable to telling the truth to others .
First of all , from the angle of human right , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to reveal the truth to others .
First of all , from the angle of human right , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to uncover the truth to others .
First of all , from the angle of human right , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the fact to others .
First of all , from the angle of human right , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the merit to others .
This diagnosis can be regarded as a kind of privacy to carriers .
This diagnosis can be considered as a kind of privacy to carriers .
This diagnosis can be conceived as a kind of privacy to carriers .
This identification can be regarded as a kind of privacy to carriers .
This investigation can be regarded as a kind of privacy to carriers .
This diagnosis can be regarded as a kind of privacy to patients .
They may do not want this truth to influence their life or want to keep it as a secret and do not others know about it .
They may do not want this truth to affect their life or want to keep it as a secret and do not others know about it .
They may do not want this truth to influence their life or want to keep it as privacy and do not others know about it .
They may do not want this truth to influence their life or want to keep it as a secret and do not others conceive about it .
They may do not want this truth to influence their life or want to keep it as a secret and do not others discover it .
They may do not want this truth to impact their life or want to keep it as a secret and do not others know about it .
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated or sympothized by others which is not positive factors brought to their life .
This is intelligent since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated or sympothized by others which is not positive factors brought to their life .
This is commonsense since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated or sympothized by others which is not positive factors brought to their life .
This is reasonable since the disclosure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated or sympothized by others which is not positive factors brought to their life .
This is reasonable since the revealment of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated or sympothized by others which is not positive factors brought to their life .
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated or sympothized by others which is not optimistic factors brought to their life .
Seconly , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the dignosis of the carrier .
Seconly , the relatives of the carrier can also decide to do genetic testing regardless of the dignosis of the carrier .
Seconly , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to undergo genetic testing regardless of the dignosis of the carrier .
Seconly , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to participate in genetic testing regardless of the dignosis of the carrier .
Seconly , the spouse of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the dignosis of the carrier .
Seconly , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the identification of the carrier .
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can go and approach a doctor to consult about it .
When people want to analyze whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can go and approach a doctor to consult about it .
When people want to examine whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can go and approach a doctor to consult about it .
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can go and consult a doctor to consult about it .
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can go and approach a doctor to consult about the question .
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can go and approach a specialist to consult about it .
If they do not want to think too much of it and view it as a trouble , they may just ignore the possibility .
If they do not want to ponder too much of it and view it as a trouble , they may just ignore the possibility .
If they do not want to consider too much of it and view it as a trouble , they may just ignore the possibility .
If they do not want to think too much of it and regard it as a trouble , they may just ignore the possibility .
If they do not want to think too much of it and consider it as a trouble , they may just ignore the possibility .
If they do not want to think too much of it and view it as a trouble , they may just neglect the possibility .
However , if a dignosed carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives , the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers .
However , if a discovered carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives , the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers .
However , if a dignosed carrier is amenable to tell his or her relatives , the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers .
However , if a dignosed carrier has the obligation to tell his or her relatives , the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers .
However , if a dignosed carrier is obligated to notify his or her relatives , the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers .
However , if a dignosed carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives , the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of becoming genetic risk carriers .
This obeys their own willingness as in they have to accept the truth which may make their following life miserable .
This obeys their own willingness as in they have to adopt the truth which may make their following life miserable .
This obeys their own willingness as in they have to accept the fact which may make their following life miserable .
This obeys their own willingness as in they have to accept the truth which may make their following journey miserable .
This obeys their own willingness as in they have to accept the truth which may make their following life contemptible .
This obeys their own willingness as in they have to accept the truth which may make their following life wretched .
Many people many argue that setting the obligation may help more people , who are the relatives of the carriers , save their lives with a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis .
Many opponents many argue that setting the obligation may help more people , who are the relatives of the carriers , save their lives with a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis .
Many dissenters many argue that setting the obligation may help more people , who are the relatives of the carriers , save their lives with a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis .
Many people many claim that setting the obligation may help more people , who are the relatives of the carriers , save their lives with a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis .
Many people many argue that setting the responsibility may help more people , who are the relatives of the carriers , save their lives with a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis .
Many people many argue that setting the obligation may help more people , who are the relatives of the carriers , rescue their lives with a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis .
However , this is not exactly true when other factors including psychological influence , social influence , are taken into consideration .
On the other hand , this is not exactly true when other factors including psychological influence , social influence , are taken into consideration .
However , this is not exactly accurate when other factors including psychological influence , social influence , are taken into consideration .
However , this is not exactly precise when other factors including psychological influence , social influence , are taken into consideration .
However , this is not exactly true when other elements including psychological influence , social influence , are taken into consideration .
However , this is not exactly true when other factors including psychological influence , financial influence , are taken into consideration .
If one such relative is told that he or she may have higher risk of getting sick , he or she may have be scared about the unknown life , partners , spouse and colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may happen which means the relative 's life may be ruined .
If one such offspring is told that he or she may have higher risk of getting sick , he or she may have be scared about the unknown life , partners , spouse and colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may happen which means the relative 's life may be ruined .
If one such juvenile is told that he or she may have higher risk of getting sick , he or she may have be scared about the unknown life , partners , spouse and colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may happen which means the relative 's life may be ruined .
If one such relative is told that he or she may have higher risk of getting ailing , he or she may have be scared about the unknown life , partners , spouse and colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may happen which means the relative 's life may be ruined .
If one such relative is told that he or she may have higher risk of getting sick , he or she may have be frightened about the unknown life , partners , spouse and colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may happen which means the relative 's life may be ruined .
If one such relative is told that he or she may have higher risk of getting sick , he or she may have be scared about the unknown life , partners , spouse and colleagues may choose to deviate from them , and many other situations may happen which means the relative 's life may be ruined .
On the other side , as stated above , a person who want to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually .
On the other side , as expressed above , a person who want to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually .
On the other side , as cited above , a person who want to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually .
On the other side , as stated above , a patient who want to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually .
On the other side , as stated above , a person who want to confirm and has been braced to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually .
On the other side , as stated above , a person who want to confirm and has been prepared to accept the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own right to decide whether to tell their relatives or not .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own authority to decide whether to tell their relatives or not .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own right to choose whether to tell their relatives or not .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own right to determine whether to tell their relatives or not .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own right to decide whether to inform their relatives or not .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own right to decide whether to notify their relatives or not .
This should be accepted from the point of human right , freedom of acceptance of relatives as well as many other social reasons .
This should be accepted from the point of human right , freedom of acceptance of relatives as well as many other similar reasons .
This should be accepted from the perspective of human right , freedom of acceptance of relatives as well as many other social reasons .
This should be accepted from the point of human right , freedom of toleration of relatives as well as many other social reasons .
This should be accepted from the point of human right , freedom of acceptance of descendants as well as many other social reasons .
This should be accepted from the point of human right , freedom of acceptance of offspring as well as many other social reasons .
Otherwise , making it an obligation will restric the choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives .
Otherwise , making it a responsibility will restric the choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives .
Otherwise , making it a function will restric the choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives .
Otherwise , making it an obligation will restric the decision of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives .
Otherwise , making it an obligation will restric the choice of carriers and produce a lot of confusion for their relatives .
Otherwise , making it an obligation will restric the choice of carriers and bring a lot of disturbance to their relatives .
For a carrier of genetic disorder to know the fact that he or she is a carrier , it causes more dilemma rather than getting the disorder .
For a carrier of genetic disorder to know the truth that he or she is a carrier , it causes more dilemma rather than getting the disorder .
For a carrier of genetic disorder to know the fact that he or she is a carrier , it brings more dilemma rather than getting the disorder .
For a carrier of genetic disorder to know the fact that he or she is a carrier , it creates more dilemma rather than getting the disorder .
For a carrier of genetic disorder to know the fact that he or she is a carrier , it causes more obstacles rather than getting the disorder .
For a carrier of genetic disorder to know the fact that he or she is a carrier , it causes more inconvenience rather than getting the disorder .
I agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
I understand that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
I admit that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
I agree that a carrier of a peculiar genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
I agree that a carrier of a specific genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
I agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk is amenable to telling his or her relatives .
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be shy and share their problems regarding genetic disorder .
There are four explanations why people do n't have to be shy and share their problems regarding genetic disorder .
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be shy and share their problems related to genetic disorder .
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be shy and share their problems concerning genetic disorder .
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be shy and share their problems regarding genetic conditions .
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be shy and share their problems regarding genetic diagnosis .
Firstly , the carrier and his or her family can take precautions , physically by actions to reduce the chance of it being inherited to offspring and , mentally if the action fails to prevent it being inherited .
Primarily , the carrier and his or her family can take precautions , physically by actions to reduce the chance of it being inherited to offspring and , mentally if the action fails to prevent it being inherited .
Firstly , the carrier and his or her family can take judiciousness , physically by actions to reduce the chance of it being inherited to offspring and , mentally if the action fails to prevent it being inherited .
Firstly , the carrier and his or her family can take circumspection , physically by actions to reduce the chance of it being inherited to offspring and , mentally if the action fails to prevent it being inherited .
Firstly , the carrier and his or her family can take precautions , physically by actions to dwindle the chance of it being inherited to offspring and , mentally if the action fails to prevent it being inherited .
Firstly , the carrier and his or her family can take precautions , physically by actions to diminish the chance of it being inherited to offspring and , mentally if the action fails to prevent it being inherited .
Many syndromes such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome can be prevented to happen if the mother undergo proper medication and do n't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period .
Many hereditary diseases such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome can be prevented to happen if the mother undergo proper medication and do n't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period .
Many genetic diseases such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome can be prevented to happen if the mother undergo proper medication and do n't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period .
Many syndromes such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome can be prevented to happen if the genitor undergo proper medication and do n't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period .
Many syndromes such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome can be prevented to happen if the mother undergo proper examination and do n't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period .
Many syndromes such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome can be prevented to happen if the mother undergo decorous medication and do n't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period .
This information may not be known by the mother if she does n't tell her relatives regarding her condition .
This knowledge may not be known by the mother if she does n't tell her relatives regarding her condition .
This common sense may not be known by the mother if she does n't tell her relatives regarding her condition .
This information may not be known by the genitor if she does n't tell her relatives regarding her condition .
This information may not be known by the spouse if she does n't tell her relatives regarding her condition .
This information may not be known by the mother if she does n't tell her relatives regarding her circumstance .
More people ( relatives ) know her problem , more information channel is provided .
More families ( relatives ) know her problem , more information channel is provided .
More people ( relatives ) know her difficulty , more information channel is provided .
More people ( relatives ) know her problem , more information source is provided .
More people ( relatives ) know her problem , more education channel is provided .
More people ( relatives ) know her problem , more financial channel is provided .
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome then the family have to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children 's growth .
If all struggles have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome then the family have to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children 's growth .
If all efforts have been applied but the children still suffer from the syndrome then the family have to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children 's growth .
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the disease then the family have to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children 's growth .
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome then the genitor have to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children 's growth .
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome then the family have to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good atmosphere for their children 's growth .
This is not the parent 's fault because there is still chances of the gene being inherited .
This not the couple 's fault because there is still chances of the gene being inherited .
This is not the parent 's fault because there is still possibilities of the gene being inherited .
This may not be the parent 's fault because there is still chances of the gene being inherited .
This is not the parent 's mistake because there is still chances of the gene being inherited .
This is not the parent 's fault because there is also chances of the gene being inherited .
So , they have to also prepare mentally .
Therefore , they have to also prepare mentally .
So , You have to also prepare mentally .
So , they have to also psychologically prepare .
So , they have to also think logically .
So , they have to also prepare to leave .
Secondly , genetic diseases costs highly for the treatment and medication .
Additionally , genetic diseases costs highly for the treatment and medication .
Secondly , genetic diseases costs highly for the therapy and medication .
Secondly , infectious diseases costs highly for the treatment and medication .
Secondly , leukaemia costs highly for the treatment and medication .
Secondly , genetic diseases costs highly for the treatment .
Albinism is one of the examples .
Leukaemia is one of the examples .
Full-blown AIDS is one of the examples .
It seems Albinism is one of the examples .
Albinism is not one of the examples .
Albinism is one of the opposite examples .
The people with albinism have sensitive skin and it needs regular treatment .
The people with albinism have sensitive skin and it requires regular treatment .
The people with albinism have sensitive skin and it needs ongoing treatment .
The people with albinism have sensitive skin and it needs regular medical care .
The people with albinism have a reduced amount of melanin and it needs regular treatment .
The people who has albinism have sensitive skin and it needs regular treatment .
Unlike people with high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism is prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
Unlike individuals with high proportion of skin pigment , individuals with albinism is prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
Unlike people with high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism is susceptible to sunburn and other skin diseases .
Unlike people with high proportion of skin pigment , people who has albinism is prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
Unlike people with high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism is prone to sunburn and other skin problems .
Unlike people with high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism is prone to sunburn and many other skin diseases .
If they do n't treat their body well , such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunscreen in outdoor , the chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer .
If they do n't take care of their body , such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunscreen in outdoor , the chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer .
If they do n't treat their body well , such as by donning sunglasses or wearing sunscreen in outdoor , the chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer .
If they do n't treat their body well , such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunblock in outdoor , the chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer .
If they do n't treat their body well , such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunscreen in outdoor , the probabilities are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer .
If they do n't treat their body well , such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunscreen in outdoor , the chances are good that they will get skin diseases that may also lead to cancer .
Once you suffer from cancer , the medication cost is very expensive .
Once you suffer from cancer , the medication cost is quite expensive .
Once you have cancer , the medication cost is very expensive .
Once you suffer from AIDS , the medication cost is very expensive .
Once you are infected with HIV , the medication cost is very expensive .
Once you suffer from cancer , the treatment cost is very expensive .
To prevent the bigger problem to happen , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body .
To prevent the bigger problem from to happen , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body .
To prevent the more serious problem to happen , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body .
To prevent the bigger problem to happen , it requires a lot of effort to take care of your body .
To prevent the bigger problem to happen , it takes great effort to take care of your body .
To prevent the bigger problem to happen , it takes a lot of effort to treat your body well .
If the carrier does n't tell his or her relatives , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
If the AIDS carrier does n't tell his or her relatives , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
If the carrier does n't tell his or her family members , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
If the carrier does n't tell his or her relatives , it may be too late to get their support and prepare enough money for treatment .
If the carrier does n't tell his or her relatives , it may be too late to get their assistance and prepare financially .
If the carrier does n't inform his or her relatives , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
Thirdly , some illnesses are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may give rise to serious health problems .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to severe health problems .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health issues .
One of the diseases is sickle cell trait .
One of the illnesses is sickle cell trait .
One of the diseases is sickle cell disease .
One of the diseases is sickle cell anaemia and trait .
One of the diseases is genetic sickle cell trait .
One of the diseases is red blood cell trait .
Usually people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problem such as blood blocking .
Usually people are not attentive if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problem such as blood blocking .
Usually people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may give rise to circulatory problem such as blood blocking .
Usually people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to body's circulatory problem such as blood blocking .
Usually multiple people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problem such as blood blocking .
Usually people are not aware if they obtain the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problem such as blood blocking .
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and do n't need to be shy of it because it is for the sake of their children 's health .
If the parents realize that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and do n't need to be shy of it because it is for the sake of their children 's health .
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the secret to their relatives then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and do n't need to be shy of it because it is for the sake of their children 's health .
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and do n't need to be shy of it because it is for the benefit of their children 's health .
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives then they can bring their children to experience genetic testing and do n't need to be shy of it because it is for the sake of their children 's health .
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and do n't need to be shy of it because it is for the sake of their children 's and fitness .
Fourthly , it is important for the parents to give mental boost for their children with genetic disorder .
Fourthly , it is necessary for the parents to give mental boost for their children with genetic disorder .
Fourthly , it is important for the parents to give mental backup for their children with genetic disorder .
Fourthly , it is important and essential the parents to give mental boost for their children with genetic disorder .
Fourthly , it is important for the parents to give great mental boost for their children with genetic disorder .
Fourthly , it is important for the parents to give mental boost for their children with genetic risk .
When their children become teenagers , a lot of social problems may arise .
When their children become juveniles , a lot of social problems may arise .
When their children become teenagers , a mass of social problems may arise .
When their children become teenagers , a lot of social problems may happen .
When their children become teenagers , a lot of social issues may arise .
When their children grow up to be teenagers , a lot of social problems may arise .
People and friends often mock of your conditions .
People and friends often make fun of of your conditions .
People and intimate friends often mock of your conditions .
People and friends usually mock of your conditions .
Innocent people and friends often mock of your conditions .
People and friends often mock of your adverse conditions .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be build from within and from the closest ones .
A powerful mental condition and conviction must be build from within and from the closest ones .
A strong mental status and conviction must be build from within and from the closest ones .
A strong mental condition and faith must be build from within and from the closest ones .
A strong spiritual condition and conviction must be build from within and from the closest ones .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be build from within and from the most intimate ones .
If not their family then who else that are willing to do that ?
If not their own family then who else that are willing to do that ?
If not their close family then who else that are willing to do that ?
If not their family then who else that are willing to do that stuff ?
If not their family then who else that are inclined to do that ?
If not their family then who else that are willing to perform that ?
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have prepare their mental first by disclosing the information of the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder .
It is not a hard job for the family if they have prepare their mental first by disclosing the information of the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder .
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have prepare their mental first by disclosing the information of the possibility that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder .
It is not a heavy task for the family if they have prepare their mental first by disclosing the information of the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder .
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have prepare their mental first by disclosing the fact of the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder .
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have prepare their mental first by disclosing the information of the probability that their offspring may suffer from the genetic disorder .
In this modern world , the technologies were improved a lot compared with the last century .
In this contemporary world , the technologies were improved a lot compared with the last century .
In this modern ized world , the technologies were improved a lot compared with the last century .
In this modern world , the technologies were advanced a lot compared with the last century .
In this modern world , the technologies were enhanced a lot compared with the last century .
In this modern world , the technologies were improved a lot compared with the last decade .
Particularly , in the medical field , there is a great improvement in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods which were used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder .
Exceptionally , in the medical field , there is a great improvement in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods which were used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder .
Particularly , in the medical domain , there is a great improvement in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods which were used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder .
Particularly , in the medical territory , there is a great improvement in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods which were used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder .
Particularly , in the technological field , there is a great improvement in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods which were used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder .
Particularly , in the medical field , there is a great transformation in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods which were used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder .
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
The regulatory authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
The medical authorities claimed that only the patient who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to participate in genetic testing .
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the choice to undergo genetic testing .
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic examinations .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is born .
Nevertheless , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is born .
However , once a n examination has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is born .
However , once a test has been carried out and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is born .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related psychological dilemma is born .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is created .
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
The dilemma is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
The theme is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
The question is whether a carrier of a sophisticated genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should inform his or her relatives .
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should notify his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this .
To my word , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives about this .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives about this .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic menace has to tell his or her relatives about this .
In my opinion , the carrier of a peculiar genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this .
This is because his or her relatives have an interest to know about this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to acledge know about this .
This is because his or her spouse has the right to know about this .
This is because his or her parents have the right to know about this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to understand about this .
As many people realize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives , that is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder means that other family members also have almost the equally risk to have it , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
As many people cognize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives , that is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder means that other family members also have almost the equally risk to have it , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
As many people conceive , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives , that is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder means that other family members also have almost the equally risk to have it , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
As many people realize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's descendants , that is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder means that other family members also have almost the equally risk to have it , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
As many people realize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives , that is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder conveys that other family members also have almost the equally risk to have it , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
As many people realize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives , that is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder imparts that other family members also have almost the equally risk to have it , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
Every family member has their human right to know what is going on with them .
Everyone in the family has their human right to know what is going on with them .
Every family member has their human responsibility to know what is going on with them .
Every family member has their human obligation to know what is going on with them .
Every family member has their human right to understand what is going on with them .
Every family member has their human right to cognize what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can this explain their right ?
If they do not even realize that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can this explain their right ?
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can this explain their power ?
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can this explain their authority ?
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disease , how can this explain their right ?
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic malady , how can this explain their right ?
For instance , John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disorder but he does not tell his sibling , James about this .
For example , John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disorder but he does not tell his sibling , James about this .
For instance , John is notified by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disorder but he does not tell his sibling , James about this .
For instance , John is informed by his physician that he is at risk for a genetic disorder but he does not tell his sibling , James about this .
For instance , John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic malady but he does not tell his sibling , James about this .
For instance , John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disorder but he does not tell his offspring , James about this .
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what will be likely to be going on for him .
Although informing James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what will be likely to be going on for him .
Although telling James about this is appalling to some extent , he should know what will be likely to be going on for him .
Although telling James about this is dreadful to some extent , he should know what will be likely to be going on for him .
Although notifying James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what will be likely to be going on for him .
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent , he should realize what will be likely to be going on for him .
This might be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder .
This might be advantageous for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder .
This might be profitable for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder .
This might be beneficial for his survival if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder .
This might be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risk of contracting this disorder .
This might be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this malady .
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having the similar genetic disorder , preventing certain genetic disorders to affect themselves .
The next point is that telling relatives can increase their awareness of having the similar genetic disorder , preventing certain genetic disorders to affect themselves .
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their consciousness of having the similar genetic disorder , preventing certain genetic disorders to affect themselves .
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having the similar genetic disease , preventing certain genetic disorders to affect themselves .
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having the similar genetic disorder , preventing specific genetic disorders to affect themselves .
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having the similar genetic disorder , preventing peculiar genetic disorders to affect themselves .
Genetic disorders are innate , but the great improvement of medical treatment makes it possible for humans to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
Genetic disorders are inborn , but the great improvement of medical treatment makes it possible for humans to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
Genetic disorders are congenital , but the great improvement of medical treatment makes it possible for humans to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
Genetic disorders are innate , but the great advance of medical treatment makes it possible for humans to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
Genetic disorders are innate , but the great transformation of medical treatment makes it possible for humans to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
Genetic disorders are innate , but the great improvement of medical treatment makes it probable for humans to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
In addition , doctors usually quote a statement , " Prevention is better than curation " ; this gives us an idea that preventing a disorder to happen has far more advantages than curing it .
Furthermore , doctors usually quote a statement , " Prevention is better than curation " ; this gives us an idea that preventing a disorder to happen has far more advantages than curing it .
Moreover , doctors usually quote a statement , " Prevention is better than curation " ; this gives us an idea that preventing a disorder to happen has far more advantages than curing it .
In addition , doctors frequently quote a statement , " Prevention is better than curation " ; this gives us an idea that preventing a disorder to happen has far more advantages than curing it .
In addition , doctors usually quote a statement , " Hindrance is better than curation " ; this gives us an idea that preventing a disorder to happen has far more advantages than curing it .
In addition , doctors usually quote a statement , " Interference is better than curation " ; this gives us an idea that preventing a disorder to happen has far more advantages than curing it .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder for a person , and therefore , this may make the prevention of a certain disorder possible .
Consciousness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder for a person , and therefore , this may make the prevention of a certain disorder possible .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in examing a genetic disorder for a person , and therefore , this may make the prevention of a certain disorder possible .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder for a person , and as a result , this may make the prevention of a certain disorder possible .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder for a person , and therefore , this may make the prevention of a specific disorder possible .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder for a person , and therefore , this may make the prevention of a certain disorder achievable .
For example , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
For instance , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
For example , hypotension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
For example , cardiovascular disease is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
For example , hypertension is partially related to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
For example , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but ecological factors also play an important role .
People who aware of having such disorder can prevent the disorder to happen by adapting a healthy lifestyle , including having a balanced diet and at least having exercise for 30 minutes every day .
People who aware of having such disorder can prevent the disorder to happen by adjusting a healthy lifestyle , including having a balanced diet and at least having exercise for 30 minutes every day .
People who aware of having such disorder can prevent the disorder to happen by adapting a vigorous lifestyle , including having a balanced diet and at least having exercise for 30 minutes every day .
People who aware of having such disorder can prevent the disorder to happen by adapting a wholesome lifestyle , including having a balanced diet and at least having exercise for 30 minutes every day .
People who aware of having such disorder can prevent the disorder to happen by adapting a healthy lifestyle , such as having a balanced diet and at least having exercise for 30 minutes every day .
People who aware of having such disorder can prevent the disorder to happen by adapting a healthy lifestyle , including having a harmonious diet and at least having exercise for 30 minutes every day .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
To conclude , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the obligation to tell his or her relatives .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
This is their human right to know about that , and this may also save their lives by preventing the disorder to happen .
This is their human right to understand that , and this may also save their lives by preventing the disorder to happen .
This is their human right to perceive that , and this may also save their lives by preventing the disorder to happen .
This is their human right to know about that , and this may also rescue their lives by preventing the disorder to happen .
This is their human right to know about that , and this may also save their lives by preventing the accident to happen .
This is their human right to know about that , and this may also save their lives by preventing the malady to happen .
Together with the advancement of technology over past decades,medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly upgrading.Empower doctors with advance medical knowledge,doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take necessary steps to protect their life.However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known,a question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives become a challenging issue to both patient and doctor.In my opinion,I feel the strong urge to support the obligation to inform patient relatives .
Together with the advancement of technology over past centuries,medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly upgrading.Empower doctors with advance medical knowledge,doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take necessary steps to protect their life.However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known,a question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives become a challenging issue to both patient and doctor.In my opinion,I feel the strong urge to support the obligation to inform patient relatives .
Together with the improvement of technology over past decades,medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly upgrading.Empower doctors with advance medical knowledge,doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take necessary steps to protect their life.However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known,a question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives become a challenging issue to both patient and doctor.In my opinion,I feel the strong urge to support the obligation to inform patient relatives .
Together with the advancement of technology over past decades,medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still rapidly upgrading.Empower doctors with advance medical knowledge,doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take necessary steps to protect their life.However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known,a question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives become a challenging issue to both patient and doctor.In my opinion,I feel the strong urge to support the obligation to inform patient relatives .
Together with the advancement of technology over past decades,medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly upgrading.Empower doctors with advance medical knowledge,doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take essential steps to protect their life.However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known,a question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives become a challenging issue to both patient and doctor.In my opinion,I feel the strong urge to support the obligation to inform patient relatives .
Together with the advancement of technology over past decades,medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly upgrading.Empower doctors with advance medical knowledge,doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take necessary steps to protect their life.However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known,a question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives become a provocative issue to both patient and doctor.In my opinion,I feel the strong urge to support the obligation to inform patient relatives .
As it is a genetic risk,the patient next-of-skin might have a high chance of carrying the risk,hence the need to inform their relatives is important so that necessary prevention actions could be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur.For example,if you are the only child in a family and unfortunately,you are suffering from a genetic disease that the genetic trait might be passed on to your next generation if you have a child,hence by letting your family members aware of the situation,it would lessen family stresses and suffering on forcing you to settle down and have children.However , social ethic issues like discrimination and privacy are biggest concerns and potential barriers to enforce patients or doctors to disclose information to patients relatives.It challenges the confidentiality and privacy principles.Currently , under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States,there is no legal obligation requirement to disclose information to relatives,it is up to the patient 's wish to disclose to their family members.Early disclosement to family members brings in positive reaction and prevention,as in the case of Angelina Jolie,she chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent.I still can recall her reason for disclosing her own story was that she does not want to live under the shadow of cancer .
As it is a genetic risk,the patient next-of-skin might have a high opportunity of carrying the risk,hence the need to inform their relatives is important so that necessary prevention actions could be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur.For example,if you are the only child in a family and unfortunately,you are suffering from a genetic disease that the genetic trait might be passed on to your next generation if you have a child,hence by letting your family members aware of the situation,it would lessen family stresses and suffering on forcing you to settle down and have children.However , social ethic issues like discrimination and privacy are biggest concerns and potential barriers to enforce patients or doctors to disclose information to patients relatives.It challenges the confidentiality and privacy principles.Currently , under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States,there is no legal obligation requirement to disclose information to relatives,it is up to the patient 's wish to disclose to their family members.Early disclosement to family members brings in positive reaction and prevention,as in the case of Angelina Jolie,she chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent.I still can recall her reason for disclosing her own story was that she does not want to live under the shadow of cancer .
As it is a genetic risk,the patient next-of-skin might have a high possibility of carrying the risk,hence the need to inform their relatives is important so that necessary prevention actions could be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur.For example,if you are the only child in a family and unfortunately,you are suffering from a genetic disease that the genetic trait might be passed on to your next generation if you have a child,hence by letting your family members aware of the situation,it would lessen family stresses and suffering on forcing you to settle down and have children.However , social ethic issues like discrimination and privacy are biggest concerns and potential barriers to enforce patients or doctors to disclose information to patients relatives.It challenges the confidentiality and privacy principles.Currently , under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States,there is no legal obligation requirement to disclose information to relatives,it is up to the patient 's wish to disclose to their family members.Early disclosement to family members brings in positive reaction and prevention,as in the case of Angelina Jolie,she chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent.I still can recall her reason for disclosing her own story was that she does not want to live under the shadow of cancer .
As it is a genetic risk,the patient next-of-skin might have a high chance of carrying the risk,hence the need to inform their relatives is essential so that necessary prevention actions could be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur.For example,if you are the only child in a family and unfortunately,you are suffering from a genetic disease that the genetic trait might be passed on to your next generation if you have a child,hence by letting your family members aware of the situation,it would lessen family stresses and suffering on forcing you to settle down and have children.However , social ethic issues like discrimination and privacy are biggest concerns and potential barriers to enforce patients or doctors to disclose information to patients relatives.It challenges the confidentiality and privacy principles.Currently , under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States,there is no legal obligation requirement to disclose information to relatives,it is up to the patient 's wish to disclose to their family members.Early disclosement to family members brings in positive reaction and prevention,as in the case of Angelina Jolie,she chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent.I still can recall her reason for disclosing her own story was that she does not want to live under the shadow of cancer .
As it is a genetic risk,the patient next-of-skin might have a high chance of carrying the risk,hence the need to inform their relatives is important so that indispensable prevention actions could be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur.For example,if you are the only child in a family and unfortunately,you are suffering from a genetic disease that the genetic trait might be passed on to your next generation if you have a child,hence by letting your family members aware of the situation,it would lessen family stresses and suffering on forcing you to settle down and have children.However , social ethic issues like discrimination and privacy are biggest concerns and potential barriers to enforce patients or doctors to disclose information to patients relatives.It challenges the confidentiality and privacy principles.Currently , under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States,there is no legal obligation requirement to disclose information to relatives,it is up to the patient 's wish to disclose to their family members.Early disclosement to family members brings in positive reaction and prevention,as in the case of Angelina Jolie,she chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent.I still can recall her reason for disclosing her own story was that she does not want to live under the shadow of cancer .
As it is a genetic risk,the patient next-of-skin might have a high chance of carrying the risk,hence the need to inform their relatives is important so that necessary prevention actions could be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur.For example,if you are the only child in a family and unfortunately,you are suffering from a genetic disease that the genetic trait might be passed on to your next generation if you have a child,hence by letting your family members aware of the situation,it would lessen family stresses and suffering on forcing you to settle down and have children.However , social ethic issues like discrimination and privacy are biggest concerns and potential barriers to enforce patients or doctors to disclose information to patients relatives.It challenges the confidentiality and privacy principles.Currently , under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States,there is no legal obligation requirement to disclose information to relatives,it is up to the patient 's wish to disclose to their family members.Early disclosement to family members brings in positive reaction and prevention,as in the case of Angelina Jolie,she chose to reveal information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent.I still can recall her reason for disclosing her own story was that she does not want to live under the shadow of cancer .
However,there are still people against the decision of revealing private information.As in the case of Alzheimer patients,it is up to the patient 's own choice to disclose information.However,research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret who,how and whom will Alzheimer disease be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact to families members ( DementiaToday,2012 ) .There are associations provide helps to Alzheimer patients like Alzheimer 's Association ( Alzheimer 's Association,1980 ) .Although there are still thousand of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving all helps and supports from everyone,the needs to receive immediate understanding and support from family members is an utmost help that patients need in their difficult time .
However,there are still people against the intention of revealing private information.As in the case of Alzheimer patients,it is up to the patient 's own choice to disclose information.However,research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret who,how and whom will Alzheimer disease be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact to families members ( DementiaToday,2012 ) .There are associations provide helps to Alzheimer patients like Alzheimer 's Association ( Alzheimer 's Association,1980 ) .Although there are still thousand of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving all helps and supports from everyone,the needs to receive immediate understanding and support from family members is an utmost help that patients need in their difficult time .
However,there are still people against the decision of disclosing private information.As in the case of Alzheimer patients,it is up to the patient 's own choice to disclose information.However,research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret who,how and whom will Alzheimer disease be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact to families members ( DementiaToday,2012 ) .There are associations provide helps to Alzheimer patients like Alzheimer 's Association ( Alzheimer 's Association,1980 ) .Although there are still thousand of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving all helps and supports from everyone,the needs to receive immediate understanding and support from family members is an utmost help that patients need in their difficult time .
However,there are still people against the decision of revealing confidential information.As in the case of Alzheimer patients,it is up to the patient 's own choice to disclose information.However,research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret who,how and whom will Alzheimer disease be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact to families members ( DementiaToday,2012 ) .There are associations provide helps to Alzheimer patients like Alzheimer 's Association ( Alzheimer 's Association,1980 ) .Although there are still thousand of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving all helps and supports from everyone,the needs to receive immediate understanding and support from family members is an utmost help that patients need in their difficult time .
However,there are still people against the decision of revealing private information.As in the case of Alzheimer patients,it is up to the patient 's own choice to disclose information.However,research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret who,how and whom will Alzheimer disease be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact to families members ( DementiaToday,2012 ) .There are associations provide helps to Alzheimer patients like Alzheimer 's Association ( Alzheimer 's Association,1980 ) .Although there are still thousand of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving all helps and supports from everyone,the needs to receive proximate understanding and support from family members is an utmost help that patients need in their difficult time .
However,there are still people against the decision of revealing private information.As in the case of Alzheimer patients,it is up to the patient 's own choice to disclose information.However,research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret who,how and whom will Alzheimer disease be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact to families members ( DementiaToday,2012 ) .There are associations provide helps to Alzheimer patients like Alzheimer 's Association ( Alzheimer 's Association,1980 ) .Although there are still thousand of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving all helps and supports from everyone,the needs to receive immediate understanding and support from family members is an utmost help that patients need in their arduous time .
In conclusion,the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors that till which extend should a doctor opt to reveal to relatives members about the genetic disease and in which situations it is open to patient 's decision.In addition,the state could also encourage to create assistance schemes to aid necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of own and family members.Although it may face challenges from social ethic issues,in a long term,with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government,more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measurements to protect their own health and their loved ones .
To conclude,the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors that till which extend should a doctor opt to reveal to relatives members about the genetic disease and in which situations it is open to patient 's decision.In addition,the state could also encourage to create assistance schemes to aid necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of own and family members.Although it may face challenges from social ethic issues,in a long term,with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government,more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measurements to protect their own health and their loved ones .
In conclusion,the state should have passed a legal document to measure and provide information to doctors that till which extend should a doctor opt to reveal to relatives members about the genetic disease and in which situations it is open to patient 's decision.In addition,the state could also encourage to create assistance schemes to aid necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of own and family members.Although it may face challenges from social ethic issues,in a long term,with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government,more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measurements to protect their own health and their loved ones .
In conclusion,the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and offer information to doctors that till which extend should a doctor opt to reveal to relatives members about the genetic disease and in which situations it is open to patient 's decision.In addition,the state could also encourage to create assistance schemes to aid necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of own and family members.Although it may face challenges from social ethic issues,in a long term,with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government,more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measurements to protect their own health and their loved ones .
In conclusion,the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors that till which extend should a doctor opt to reveal to relatives members about the genetic malady and in which situations it is open to patient 's decision.In addition,the state could also encourage to create assistance schemes to aid necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of own and family members.Although it may face challenges from social ethic issues,in a long term,with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government,more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measurements to protect their own health and their loved ones .
In conclusion,the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors that till which extend should a doctor opt to reveal to relatives members about the genetic disease and in which situations it is open to patient 's decision.In addition,the state could also encourage to create assistance schemes to aid necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of own and family members.Although it may face obstacles from social ethic issues,in a long term,with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government,more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measurements to protect their own health and their loved ones .
Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to the high-velocity technological advancement .
At present , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to the high-velocity technological advancement .
Nowadays , the study in the genetic domain has gone further and further due to the high-velocity technological advancement .
Nowadays , the study in the genetic scope has gone further and further due to the high-velocity technological advancement .
Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further thanks to the high-velocity technological advancement .
Nowadays , the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to the high-velocity technological improvement .
Not long ago , the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) has been started .
Not long ago , the human genome program sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) has been started .
Not long ago , the human genome project invested in by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) has been started .
Not long ago , the human genome project supported by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) has been started .
Not long ago , the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational enterprises ( MNCs ) has been started .
Not long ago , the human genome project sponsored by several astronomical multinational corporations ( MNCs ) has been started .
In comparison , in the field of genetic testing which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder , as the technology has been very mature already , an even more popular topic arises .
In comparison , in the field of genetic examination which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder , as the technology has been very mature already , an even more popular topic arises .
In comparison , in the field of genetic testing which enables people to be aware of the risk of a potential genetic disorder , as the technology has been very mature already , an even more popular topic arises .
In comparison , in the field of genetic testing which enables people to be aware of the risk of a latent genetic disorder , as the technology has been very mature already , an even more popular topic arises .
In comparison , in the field of genetic testing which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder , as the equipment has been very mature already , an even more popular topic arises .
In comparison , in the field of genetic testing which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder , as the treatment has been very mature already , an even more popular topic arises .
While most people agree that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they have different stands in whether it is the patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the result with his or her relatives .
While most people acknowledge that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they have different stands in whether it is the patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the result with his or her relatives .
While most people conceive that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they have different stands in whether it is the patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the result with his or her relatives .
While most people agree that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they have various stands in whether it is the patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the result with his or her relatives .
While most people agree that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they have different stands in whether it is the patient 's obligation or freedom to share the result with his or her relatives .
While most people agree that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they have different stands in whether it is the patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the outcome with his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the patients , which are carriers of some known genetic risk are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
In my perspective , the patients , which are carriers of some known genetic risk are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
In my opinion , the genitors , which are carriers of some known genetic risk are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
In my opinion , the patients , which are carriers of some known genetic risk are supposed to share the actuality with their family members .
In my opinion , the patients , which are carriers of some peculiar genetic risk are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
In my opinion , the patients , which are carriers of some eccentric genetic risk are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
Admittedly , it is a social obligation to be responsible for the life of other people .
Admittedly , it is a social commitment to be responsible for the life of other people .
Admittedly , it is a social obligation to be accountable for the life of other people .
Admittedly , it is a communal obligation to be responsible for the life of other people .
Admittedly , it is a social obligation to be responsible for the life of other relevant people .
Admittedly , it is a common social obligation to be responsible for the life of other people .
To the whole society , it is a duty .
To the entire society , it is a duty .
To the whole community , it is a duty .
To the whole society , it is a glorious duty .
To the whole society , it is not only a duty .
To the whole society , it is a mission .
Take H1N1 as an example , all the people in Singapore including students at school , travelers at the Changi Airport , workers in the office as well as passengers on the street are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge .
Take H1N1 as an example , all the people in Singapore including students at school , tourists at the Changi Airport , workers in the office as well as passengers on the street are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge .
Take H1N1 as an illustration , all the people in Singapore including students at school , travelers at the Changi Airport , workers in the office as well as passengers on the street are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge .
Take H1N1 as an example , all the people in Singapore including students at school , travelers at the Changi Airport , white-collar workers in the office as well as passengers on the street are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge .
Take H1N1 as an example , all the people in Singapore including students at school , travelers at the Changi Airport , workers in the office as well as passengers on the street are regulated by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge .
Take H1N1 as an example , all the people in Singapore including students at school , travelers at the Changi Airport , workers in the office as well as passengers on the street are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the corresponding government authority in charge .
To those family members who care about them , it is also a moral obligation .
To those beloved family members who care about them , it is also a moral obligation .
To those family members who are worried about them , it is also a moral obligation .
To those family members who care about them , it is also a principled obligation .
To those family members who care about their relatives , it is also a moral obligation .
To those family members who care about them , it is also a moral duty .
How can they not tell their loved ones who they really are and get their loved ones in danger ?
How can they not tell their be loved ones who they really are and get their loved ones in danger ?
How can they not tell their loved ones who they actually are and get their loved ones in danger ?
How can they not inform their loved ones who they really are and get their loved ones in danger ?
How can they not tell their loved ones who they really are and get their loved family members in danger ?
How can they not tell their loved ones who they really are and get their loved ones in jeopardy ?
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and love each other with no doubts .
The fundamental of a family is that everyone trusts and love each other with no doubts .
The basis of a family is that every family member trusts and love each other with no doubts .
The basis of a family is that everyone believes in and love each other with no doubts .
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and love each other with no hesitation .
The basis of a n ffectionte family is that everyone trusts and love each other with no doubts .
Without trust and love , there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together .
Without confidence and love , there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together .
Without trust and love , there is no disparity between a family and a bunch of strangers living together .
Without trust and devotion , there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together .
Without trust and love , there is no difference between a family and a group of strangers living together .
Without trust and love , there is no difference between a family and a bunch of foreigners living together .
Hence , it is essential to tell their family members about the risk of their genetic disorder both as a social responsibility and a favor to conserve the family basis .
Hence , it is necessary to tell their family members about the risk of their genetic disorder both as a social responsibility and a favor to conserve the family basis .
Hence , it is essential to tell their family members about the potential risk of their genetic disorder both as a social responsibility and a favor to conserve the family basis .
Hence , it is essential to tell their family members about the risk of their genetic disorder both as a social duty and a favor to conserve the family basis .
Hence , it is essential to inform their family members about the risk of their genetic disorder both as a social responsibility and a favor to conserve the family basis .
Hence , it is essential to tell their family members about the risk of their genetic disorder both as a social responsibility and a favor to protect the family basis .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their support .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and most effortless way to get their support .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest approach to get their support .
Moreover , telling their family members the reality is the fastest and easiest way to get their support .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the most realistic and way to get their support .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their understanding .
Without the support of loved ones , patients ' life is no better than death .
Without the backing of loved ones , patients ' life is no better than death .
Without the support of adored ones , patients ' life is no better than death .
Without the support of loved ones , victims ' life is no better than death .
Without the support and care of loved ones , patients ' life is no better than death .
Without the support of loved ones , patients ' life is no better than loss of life .
Family members , as one the closest group of people from whom they can get comfort , is a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible troubles as a result of genetic disorder .
Family members , as one the closest group of people from whom they can get relief , is a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible troubles as a result of genetic disorder .
Family members , as one the closest group of people from whom they can get relaxation , is a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible troubles as a result of genetic disorder .
Family members , as one the closest group of people from whom they can get comfort , is a crucial factor for them to flourishingly get over any possible troubles as a result of genetic disorder .
Family members , as one the closest group of people from whom they can get comfort , is a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible obstacles as a result of genetic disorder .
Family members , as one the closest group of people from whom they can get comfort , is a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible challenges as a result of genetic disorder .
A study of New York University in 2010 shown that patients with family members around generally recovers 2-4 days faster than those taken care by professional nurses .
A research on New York University in 2010 shown that patients with family members around generally recovers 2-4 days faster than those taken care by professional nurses .
A study of New York University in 2010 shown that patients with family members around generally recovers 2-4 days faster than those taken care by professional caregivers .
A study of New York University in 2010 shown that patients with family members around principally recovers 2-4 days faster than those taken care by professional nurses .
A study of New York University in 2010 shown that patients with family members around primarily recovers 2-4 days faster than those taken care by professional nurses .
A study of New York University in 2010 shown that sufferers with family members around generally recovers 2-4 days faster than those taken care by professional nurses .
Even for those patients with terminal diseases , the duration of their survival is 30 % longer due to the family support .
Even for those patients with fatal diseases , the duration of their survival is 30 % longer due to the family support .
Even for those patients with terminal maladies , the duration of their survival is 30 % longer due to the family support .
Even for those patients with terminal diseases , the duration of their aliveness is 30 % longer due to the family support .
Even for those patients with terminal diseases , the duration of their survival is 30 % longer thanks to the family support .
Even for those patients with terminal diseases , the duration of their survival is 30 % longer due to the family assistance .
Some people may say that telling the truth may arise some unnecessary doubts and panics which will endanger the family harmony .
Some people may claim that telling the truth may arise some unnecessary doubts and panics which will endanger the family harmony .
Some people may believe that telling the truth may arise some unnecessary doubts and panics which will endanger the family harmony .
Some people may say that revealing the truth may arise some unnecessary doubts and panics which will endanger the family harmony .
Some people may say that disclosing the truth may arise some unnecessary doubts and panics which will endanger the family harmony .
Some people may say that telling the truth may arise some unnecessary suspicions and panics which will endanger the family harmony .
While every family need to go through this or that kind of troublesome situations , the more troubles that a family has gone through together , the greater bond will be established between the family members as well as the greater amount of trust , love and understanding .
While every family need to go through this or that kind of arduous situations , the more troubles that a family has gone through together , the greater bond will be established between the family members as well as the greater amount of trust , love and understanding .
While every family need to go through this or that kind of awkward situations , the more troubles that a family has gone through together , the greater bond will be established between the family members as well as the greater amount of trust , love and understanding .
While every family need to go through this or that kind of troublesome situations , the more obstacles that a family has gone through together , the greater bond will be established between the family members as well as the greater amount of trust , love and understanding .
While every family need to go through this or that kind of troublesome situations , the more challenges that a family has gone through together , the greater bond will be established between the family members as well as the greater amount of trust , love and understanding .
While every family need to go through this or that kind of troublesome situations , the more troubles that a family has gone through together , the greater unification will be established between the family members as well as the greater amount of trust , love and understanding .
Hence , for a family in which every member is truly believing in each other and loving each other ,all these troubles are just testaments to make them stronger .
Therefore , for a family in which every member is truly believing in each other and loving each other ,all these troubles are just testaments to make them stronger .
As a result , for a family in which every member is truly believing in each other and loving each other ,all these troubles are just testaments to make them stronger .
Hence , for a family in which every member is truly believing in each other and loving each other ,all these troubles are just testaments to make them brawnier .
Hence , for a family in which every member is truly believing in each other and loving each other ,all these troubles are merely testaments to make them stronger .
Hence , for a family in which every member is truly believing in each other and loving each other ,all these troubles are just testaments to make them heftier .
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson , what does n't kill you make you stronger .
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson , what does n't defeat you make you stronger .
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson , what does n't conquer you make you stronger .
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson , what does n't kill you make you tougher .
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson , what does n't kill you make you more almighty .
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson , what does n't kill you only make you stronger .
Being in Asian society where genetic testing is not a common practice , I do think that it is the choice of the patient whether he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease .
Being in Asian community where genetic testing is not a common practice , I do think that it is the choice of the patient whether he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease .
Being in Asian association where genetic testing is not a common practice , I do think that it is the choice of the patient whether he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease .
Being in Asian society where genetic testing is not a n ordinary practice , I do think that it is the choice of the patient whether he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease .
Being in Asian society where genetic testing is not a general practice , I do think that it is the choice of the patient whether he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease .
Being in Asian society where genetic testing is not a common practice , I do think that it is the opportunity of the patient whether he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease .
The courage to take the genetic testing and yet to inform their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental while actually it is just a risk and not a confirmed case .
The bravery to take the genetic testing and yet to inform their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental while actually it is just a risk and not a confirmed case .
The backbone to take the genetic testing and yet to inform their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental while actually it is just a risk and not a confirmed case .
The courage to take the genetic testing and yet to notify their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental while actually it is just a risk and not a confirmed case .
The courage to take the genetic testing and yet to inform their relatives about the possibility that they may have may result in people being judgmental while actually it is just a risk and not a confirmed case .
The courage to take the genetic testing and yet to inform their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental while actually it is just a menace and not a confirmed case .
Furthermore , since it is the person 's gene that is affected , he has the right to determine with whom he wants to share the information with .
In addition , since it is the person 's gene that is affected , he has the right to determine with whom he wants to share the information with .
Moreover , since it is the person 's gene that is affected , he has the right to determine with whom he wants to share the information with .
Furthermore , since it is the person 's gene that is influenced , he has the right to determine with whom he wants to share the information with .
Furthermore , since it is the person 's gene that is affected , he has the right to decide with whom he wants to share the information with .
Furthermore , since it is the person 's gene that is affected , he has the right to determine with whom he wants to share the data with .
Nevertheless , while I fell that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk , I would like to suggest the person to at least share the information with her or his potential partner ( husband or wife ) since the individual 's genetic risk may affect their future children .
Nevertheless , while I fell that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic malady , I would like to suggest the person to at least share the information with her or his potential partner ( husband or wife ) since the individual 's genetic risk may affect their future children .
Nevertheless , while I fell that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk , I would like to suggest the person to at least share the information with her or his prospective partner ( husband or wife ) since the individual 's genetic risk may affect their future children .
Nevertheless , while I fell that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk , I would like to suggest the person to at least share the information with her or his potential partner ( husband or wife ) since the individual 's genetic risk may affect their future offspings .
Nevertheless , while I fell that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk , I would like to suggest the person to at least share the information with her or his potential partner ( husband or wife ) since the individual 's genetic risk may influence their future children .
Nevertheless , while I fell that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk , I would like to suggest the person to at least share the information with her or his potential partner ( husband or wife ) since the individual 's genetic risk may affect their future descendants .
Many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic diseases and many of them will most likely to judge or at least differentiate those who have genetic diseases since they feel that the patients are abnormal or 'weird' .
Many people in our community are not well informed about many genetic diseases and many of them will most likely to judge or at least differentiate those who have genetic diseases since they feel that the patients are abnormal or 'weird' .
Many people in our assemblage are not well informed about many genetic diseases and many of them will most likely to judge or at least differentiate those who have genetic diseases since they feel that the patients are abnormal or 'weird' .
Many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic imperfections and many of them will most likely to judge or at least differentiate those who have genetic diseases since they feel that the patients are abnormal or 'weird' .
Many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic defects and many of them will most likely to judge or at least differentiate those who have genetic diseases since they feel that the patients are abnormal or 'weird' .
Many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic diseases and many of them will most likely to judge or at least differentiate those who have genetic diseases since they feel that the patients are aberrant or 'weird' .
This is because many relate genetic diseases to those such as Bubble-Boy disease , autism or down-syndrome .
This is because many relate genetic maladies to those such as Bubble-Boy disease , autism or down-syndrome .
This is because many relate genetic disorders to those such as Bubble-Boy disease , autism or down-syndrome .
This is because many relate genetic diseases to those such as Bubble-Boy disease , gigantism or down-syndrome .
This is because many relate genetic diseases to those such as Bubble-Boy disease , midgetism or down-syndrome .
This is because many relate genetic diseases to those including Bubble-Boy disease , autism or down-syndrome .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have various physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have diverse physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic disorders .
Among those diseases , many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic maladies .
While we do know that we should not discriminate them based on their limitations , many people still do it with or without them realizing it .
While we do comprehend that we should not discriminate them based on their limitations , many people still do it with or without them realizing it .
While we do know that we should not secernate them based on their limitations , many people still do it with or without them realizing it .
While we do know that we should not discriminate them according to their limitations , many people still do it with or without them realizing it .
While we do know that we should not discriminate them based on their defects , many people still do it with or without them realizing it .
While we do know that we should not discriminate them based on their imperfections , many people still do it with or without them realizing it .
In this particular case , we are discussing about whether a person should tell his relatives about him having a RISK of a particular genetic disease .
In this specific case , we are discussing about whether a person should tell his relatives about him having a RISK of a particular genetic disease .
In this fastidious case , we are discussing about whether a person should tell his relatives about him having a RISK of a particular genetic disease .
In this particular case , we are discussing about whether a person should tell his relatives about him having a RISK of a peculiar genetic disease .
In this particular case , we are discussing about whether a person should tell his relatives about him possessing RISK of a particular genetic disease .
In this particular case , we are discussing about whether a carrier should tell his relatives about him having a RISK of a particular genetic disease .
It is normal for people to demand for a fair and similar treatment as the others and therefore it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and therefore they may just ignore the word 'risk ' and assume that the person has suffered from the disease .
It is typical for people to demand for a fair and similar treatment as the others and therefore it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and therefore they may just ignore the word 'risk ' and assume that the person has suffered from the disease .
It is natural for people to demand for a fair and similar treatment as the others and therefore it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and therefore they may just ignore the word 'risk ' and assume that the person has suffered from the disease .
It is normal for people to demand for an impartial and similar treatment as the others and therefore it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and therefore they may just ignore the word 'risk ' and assume that the person has suffered from the disease .
It is normal for people to demand for an unprejudiced and similar treatment as the others and therefore it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and therefore they may just ignore the word 'risk ' and assume that the person has suffered from the disease .
It is normal for people to demand for a fair and similar treatment as the others and therefore it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or private issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and therefore they may just ignore the word 'risk ' and assume that the person has suffered from the disease .
To prevent that from happening , I do feel that it is up to the person whether he wants to share the information with his family since his family may either be paranoid or judge him and act differently .
To prevent that from happening , I do deem that it is up to the person whether he wants to share the information with his family since his family may either be paranoid or judge him and act differently .
To prevent that from happening , I do reckon that it is up to the person whether he wants to share the information with his family since his family may either be paranoid or judge him and act differently .
To prevent that from happening , I do feel that it is up to the person whether he wants to share the information with his family since his family may either be psychotic or judge him and act differently .
To prevent that from happening , I do feel that it is up to the person whether he wants to share the information with his family since his family may either be paranoid or judge him and behave differently .
To prevent that from happening , I do feel that it is up to the person whether he wants to share the information with his family since his family may either be paranoid or judge him and act discriminatorily .
Especially when it is just a risk , the option is really his since he is not an actual sufferer .
In particular when it is just a risk , the option is really his since he is not an actual sufferer .
Especially when it is just a risk , the choice is really his since he is not an actual sufferer .
Especially when it is just a risk , the option is really his since he is not an actual patient .
Especially when it is just a risk , the option is really his since he is not an actualized sufferer .
Especially when it is just a risk , the option is really his since he is not a current sufferer .
There may be some people who say that it is necessary to tell the family members about the risk since some of them may be affected , while I do think that this view has a point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case .
There may be some people who assert that it is necessary to tell the family members about the risk since some of them may be affected , while I do think that this view has a point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case .
There may be some people who allege that it is necessary to tell the family members about the risk since some of them may be affected , while I do think that this view has a point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case .
There may be some people who say that it is essential to tell the family members about the risk since some of them may be affected , while I do think that this view has a point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case .
There may be some people who say that it is indispensable to tell the family members about the risk since some of them may be affected , while I do think that this view has a point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case .
There may be some people who say that it is necessary to tell the family members about the risk since some of them may be affected , while I do think that this proposal has a point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case .
May be we can trust our immediate family members but can we really trust all the other relatives ?
May be we can confide in our immediate family members but can we really trust all the other relatives ?
May be we can trust our potential family members but can we really trust all the other relatives ?
May be we can trust our prospective family members but can we really trust all the other relatives ?
May be we can trust our immediate family members but can we indeed trust all the other relatives ?
May be we can trust our immediate family members but can we actually trust all the other relatives ?
Furthermore , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal case , it is up to the person 's call to tell the relatives about it .
Henceforth , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal case , it is up to the person 's call to tell the relatives about it .
Furthermore , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very private case , it is up to the person 's call to tell the relatives about it .
Furthermore , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal instance , it is up to the person 's call to tell the relatives about it .
Furthermore , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal case , it is up to the person 's call to inform the relatives about it .
Furthermore , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal case , it is up to the person 's call to notify the relatives about it .
However , as I said earlier , it is better for the person to at least tell about the potential risk to his or her future partner since his genetic risk may affect his children later .
However , as I said earlier , it is better for the person to at least tell about the potential risk to his or her prospective partner since his genetic risk may affect his children later .
However , as I said earlier , it is better for the person to at least tell about the potential risk to his or her future spouse since his genetic risk may affect his children later .
However , as I said earlier , it is better for the person to at least tell about the potential risk to his or her future partner since his genetic risk may influence his children later .
However , as I said earlier , it is better for the person to at least tell about the potential risk to his or her future partner since his genetic risk may affect his children in the future .
However , as I said earlier , it is better for the person to at least tell about the potential risk to his or her future partner since his genetic risk may affect his offspring later .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other organization before they make the decision to get married and have children .
This data needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children .
This diagnosis needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children .
This information needs to be at least recognized by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the determination to get married and have children .
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carriers and therefore they should not have any child since their child may not be able to survive even after they are born .
There may be expectations when both the husband and wife are carriers and therefore they should not have any child since their child may not be able to survive even after they are born .
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carriers and consequently they should not have any child since their child may not be able to survive even after they are born .
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carriers and therefore they should not produce any child since their child may not be able to survive even after they are born .
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carriers and therefore they should not rear any child since their child may not be able to survive even after they are born .
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carriers and therefore they should not have any child since their offspring may not be able to survive even after they are born .
Or in a less extreme case , the child may be disabled .
Or in a less intense case , the child may be disabled .
Or in a less excessive case , the child may be disabled .
Or in a less extreme case , the child may be handicapped .
Or in a less extreme case , the child may be retarded .
Or in a less extreme case , the child has the possibility to be disabled .
This piece of information does play a role in family planning matters , therefore although no one is obliged to tell about their genetic risk to anyone , it should be encouraged to tell it to their future partner .
This piece of information does play an important role in family planning matters , therefore although no one is obliged to tell about their genetic risk to anyone , it should be encouraged to tell it to their future partner .
This piece of information does play a role in family planning matters , thus although no one is obliged to tell about their genetic risk to anyone , it should be encouraged to tell it to their future partner .
This piece of information does play a role in family planning matters , therefore although no one is obliged to tell about their genetic menace to anyone , it should be encouraged to tell it to their future partner .
This piece of information does play a role in family planning matters , therefore although no one is obliged to tell about their genetic risk to anyone , it should be encouraged to tell it to their potential partner .
This piece of information does play a role in family planning matters , therefore although no one is obliged to tell about their genetic risk to anyone , it should be encouraged to tell it to their future sibling .
In conclusion , whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk , the choice is his because it is his own gene and he has the full right of it .
To sum up , whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk , the choice is his because it is his own gene and he has the full right of it .
In conclusion , whether or not the carrier intends to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk , the choice is his because it is his own gene and he has the full right of it .
In conclusion , whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives about his genetic risk , the choice is his because it is his own gene and he has the full right of it .
In conclusion , whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk , the choice is his because it is his personal gene and he has the full right of it .
In conclusion , whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk , the choice is his because it is his individual gene and he has the full right of it .
He may have different considerations other than due to the judging people or may result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell it to his relatives , and no matter what choice he makes , we need to respect it and we have no right in saying that he must tell his relatives about it .
He may have different cerebrations other than due to the judging people or may result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell it to his relatives , and no matter what choice he makes , we need to respect it and we have no right in saying that he must tell his relatives about it .
He may have various considerations other than due to the judging people or may result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell it to his relatives , and no matter what choice he makes , we need to respect it and we have no right in saying that he must tell his relatives about it .
He may have different considerations other than due to the judging people or may result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell it to his relatives , and no matter what decision he makes , we need to respect it and we have no right in saying that he must tell his relatives about it .
He may have different considerations other than due to the judging people or may result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell it to his relatives , and no matter what choice he makes , we need to esteem it and we have no right in saying that he must tell his relatives about it .
He may have different considerations other than due to the judging people or may result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell it to his relatives , and no matter what choice he makes , we need to respect it and we have no right in saying that he must his siblings about it .
We all know that life is priceless and we have no right to judge a person 's death .
We all acquire that life is priceless and we have no right to judge a person 's death .
We all know that life is valuable and we have no right to judge a person 's death .
We all know that life is precious and we have no right to judge a person 's death .
We all know that life is priceless and we have no right to cogitate a person 's death .
We all know that life is priceless and we have no right to judge a person 's demise .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with genetic risk can be detected .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with potential genetic risk can be detected .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with genetic disease can be detected .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with genetic risk can be discovered .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with genetic risk may be detected .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with genetic risk can be accurately detected .
Genetic refers the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
Genetic refers the probability of inheriting a disorder or disease .
Genetic refers the chance of getting an inherited disorder or disease .
Actually , genetic refers the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
Genetic refers the chance of inheriting a disease .
Genetic refers the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease from one's relatives .
Therefore an entirely new dilemma is born : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
Consequently an entirely new dilemma is born : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
Therefore an completely new dilemma is born : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
Therefore an entirely new predicament is born : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
Therefore an entirely new dilemma is born : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be required to tell his or her relatives ?
Therefore an entirely new dilemma is born : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives ?
This essay will discuss the reasons why the relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have genetic risk .
This essay will discuss the reasons why the family members are obligated to be informed that their children have genetic risk .
This dissertation will discuss the reasons why the relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have genetic risk .
This essay will reveal the reasons why the relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have genetic risk .
This essay will discuss the reasons why the relatives are obligated to be informed that their kids have genetic risk .
Moreover , this essay will discuss the reasons why the relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have genetic risk .
One of the reasons that the parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable to raise a child with genetic risk .
One of the reasons that the parents should be notified is that they have to decide whether they are capable to raise a child with genetic risk .
One of the reasons that the parents need to be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable to raise a child with genetic risk .
One of the reasons that the parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are competent to raise a child with genetic risk .
One of the reasons that the parents should be informed is that they need to decide whether they are capable to raise a child with genetic risk .
One of the reasons that the parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are perfectly capable to raise a child with genetic risk .
The child with genetic risk may not have the ability to work , to build up the family with the others and most of the time they are not acceptable for the majority .
The person with genetic risk may not have the ability to work , to build up the family with the others and most of the time they are not acceptable for the majority .
The child with genetic risk may be unable to work , to build up the family with the others and most of the time they are not acceptable for the majority .
The child with genetic risk can not have the ability to work , to build up the family with the others and most of the time they are not acceptable for the majority .
The child with genetic risk may not have the ability to work , to build up the family with the others and usually they are not acceptable for the majority .
The child with genetic risk may not have the ability to work , to build up the family with the others and most of the time they are not acceptable for most people .
They may not able to enjoy a normal people can enjoy .
They might not able to enjoy a normal people can enjoy .
They may not able able to enjoy a normal people can enjoy .
They may not able to enjoy a family most people can enjoy .
The carriers may not able to enjoy a normal people can enjoy .
Moreover , they may not able to enjoy a normal people can enjoy .
This competitive world is cruel to those are not able to survive .
This competitive world is cruel to those are un able to survive .
This competitive world is cruel to those can not survive .
This materialistic world is cruel to those are not able to survive .
This competitive world is brutal to those are not able to survive .
This competitive situation is cruel to those are not able to survive .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and endlessly to foster their child if he/she is not able to foster himself/herself .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than usual and endlessly to foster their child if he/she is not able to foster himself/herself .
Parents and relatives have to work harder than expected and endlessly to foster their child if he/she is not able to foster himself/herself .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and tirelessly to foster their child if he/she is not able to foster himself/herself .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and endlessly to foster their kid if he/she is not able to foster himself/herself .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and endlessly to foster their child if he/she is un able to foster himself/herself .
The situation may become worst if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication fees .
The situation may become worst if the kid has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication fees .
The situation may become worst if the child has diseases like cancer or liver disease , which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication fees .
The situation may become worst if the child has diseases like leukemia or heart disease , which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication fees .
The situation may become even worst if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication fees .
The situation may become worst if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have another burden named medication fees .
Not only the child but also the entirely family will suffer .
The child and even the entirely family will suffer .
Not only the child but also the entirely members will suffer .
Not only the child but also the entirely family will be affected .
The victims are not only the child but also the entirely family .
It's not just the child who will suffer, and it's the entirely family .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that are not able to work and may suffer the pain in the entire life .
It is too early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that are not able to work and may suffer the pain in the entire life .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can raise a new life that are not able to work and may suffer the pain in the entire life .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that are unable to work and may suffer the pain in the entire life .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that are not able to work and is likely to suffer the pain in the entire life .
It is still early for parents to make a decision about whether they can foster a new life that are not able to work and may suffer the pain in the entire life .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for the good of country a .
The other reason that parents are supposed to know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
The other reason that parents should be aware of the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
In addition , parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk for a nation 's good .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is that they take into account a nation 's good .
There are always newspaper report that a new born baby has be abandoned at hospital after they realized the baby have diseases that need a huge amount of money to secure .
There are always newspaper report about a new born baby be ing abandoned at hospital after they realized the baby have diseases that need a huge amount of money to secure .
There are always newspaper report that a new born baby has be abandoned at hospital because they realized the baby have diseases that need a huge amount of money to secure .
There are always newspaper report that a new born baby has be abandoned at hospital after they found the baby have diseases that need a huge amount of money to secure .
There are lots of newspaper report that a new born baby has be abandoned at hospital after they realized the baby have diseases that need a huge amount of money to secure .
There are always newspaper report that a new born baby has be abandoned at hospital after they realized the baby have diseases that need a huge amount of money for treatment .
For the countries like Singapore , they are short of manpower to contribute to the nation .
For the countries like Singapore , they lack manpower to contribute to the nation .
For the countries such as Singapore , they are short of manpower to contribute to the nation .
For the countries like Singapore , there is a lack of manpower to contribute to the nation .
For the countries like Singapore , they are short of human resources to contribute to the nation .
For the countries like Singapore , they are short of manpower to make contributions to the nation .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disables such as medical subsidizes and builds up special schools to educate them .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot on help ing the disables such as medical subsidizes and builds up special schools to educate them .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot of money to help the disables such as medical subsidizes and builds up special schools to educate them .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disables like medical subsidizes and builds up special schools to educate them .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disables including medical subsidizes and builds up special schools to educate them .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disables such as medical subsidizes and builds up special schools to provide them with education .
Without increasing number of disables in a nation , the government is able to concentrate to develop in other ways like military and education .
With number of disables in a nation not increasing , the government is able to concentrate to develop in other ways like military and education .
Without increasing number of disables in a nation , the government can concentrate to develop in other ways like military and education .
Without increasing number of disables in a nation , the government is able to focus on develop ing in other ways like military and education .
Without increasing number of disables in a nation , the government is able to concentrate to develop in other ways such as military and education .
Without allowing number of disables in a nation to rise , the government is able to concentrate to develop in other ways like military and education .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibility to support their country in many ways .
As citizens of a country , they have the responsibility to support their country in many ways .
Citizens of a nation have the responsibility to support their country in many ways .
As citizens of a nation , they have the duty to support their country in many ways .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibility to support their country as far as they could in many ways .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibility to support their country in many aspects .
Moreover , in the world we are living today , many miscarriages conducted in hospital every day .
In addition , in the world we are living today , many miscarriages conducted in hospital every day .
Moreover , we are living in a world today where many miscarriages conducted in hospital every day .
Moreover , in our time , many miscarriages conducted in hospital every day .
Moreover , we are living in an age where many miscarriages conducted in hospital every day .
Moreover , in the world we are living today , lots of miscarriages conducted in hospital every day .
It is easier for people to accept it morally .
People are morally more likely to accept it .
People are more morally receptive to it .
It is easier for ordinary people to accept it morally .
It is more possible for people to accept it morally .
People are more inclined to accept it morally .
Therefore I believe the parents have their right to know the healthiness of their child .
Consequently I believe the parents have their right to know the healthiness of their child .
Therefore I think the parents have their right to know the healthiness of their child .
Therefore I believe the parents have their right to know the healthiness of their kid .
Therefore I still believe the parents have their right to know the healthiness of their child .
Therefore I believe the parents have their right to know the mental healthiness of their child .
Many people may support with a theory that every people have their right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
Many of us may support with a theory that every people have their right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
Many people may support with a theory that every people have their equal right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
Many people may support with a theory that every people have their right to enjoy the world , particularly people with religions .
Many people may support with a theory that every people have their right to enjoy the world , especially religious people .
Many people may support with a theory that every people have their right to enjoy life , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is , will the people really enjoy their life if they have to stay at hospital everyday and with all the needles and endless pain ?
However , the question is , will the people really enjoy their life if they have to stay at hospital everyday and with all the needles and endless pain ?
Whereas , the problem is , will the people really enjoy their life if they have to stay at hospital everyday and with all the needles and endless pain ?
However , the problem is , will the people really enjoy their life if they have to stay at hospital everyday and with all the needles and excruciating pain ?
However , the problem is , will the people truly enjoy their life if they have to stay at hospital everyday and with all the needles and endless pain ?
However , the problem is , will the people really enjoy their life if they have to stay at hospital everyday and with all the needles and endless agony ?
Parents know what the best is for their children , thus they will make a right decision after they have be informed .
Parents know what the best is for their kids , thus they will make a right decision after they have be informed .
Parents know what the best is for their children , thus they will make a correct choice after they have be informed .
Parents know what the best is for their children , thus they will make a right decision after they have be notified .
Parents know what the best is for their children , hence they will make a right decision after they have be informed .
Good parents know what the best is for their children , thus they will make a right decision after they have be informed .
Also , human being should improve the medical field in order to prevent the tragedy happen .
Moreover , human being should improve the medical field in order to prevent the tragedy happen .
Also , human being can improve the medical field in order to prevent the tragedy happen .
Also , human being should improve the medical research in order to prevent the tragedy happen .
Also , human being should improve the medical field in order to completely prevent the tragedy happen .
Also , human being should improve the medical field in order to prevent the medical negligence happen .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
I believe a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
I think a carrier of a genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be required to tell his or her relatives .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family members .
Genetic testing is a personal choice .
Genetic testing entirely a personal choice .
Genetic testing is up to the individual .
I think genetic testing is a personal choice .
Testing for genes is a personal choice .
Genetic testing is a personal right .
One should have the full control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to some one else .
One should have the complete control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to some one else .
One should have the full control of his/her personal data and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to some one else .
One should gain the full control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to some one else .
One should have the full control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to reveal it to some one else .
One should have the full control of his/her information and it is his/her privilege to decide whether or not to disclose it to some one else .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have babies , they are going to run a few tests and see whether their could have some genetic diseases .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple plan to have babies , they are going to run a few tests and see whether their could have some genetic diseases .
As far as I can see , when a couple are going to have babies , they are going to run a few tests and see whether their could have some genetic diseases .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have babies , they are going to run some tests and see whether their could have some genetic diseases .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have babies , they are going to perform a few tests and see whether their could have some genetic diseases .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have babies , they will run a few tests and see whether their could have some genetic diseases .
The results are disclosed to husbands and wifes .
The outcomes are disclosed to husbands and wifes .
The results are revealed to husbands and wifes .
The results will be disclosed to husbands and wifes .
The final results are disclosed to husbands and wifes .
The results are not disclosed to husbands and wifes .
This is not the case I am talking about here .
This is not the case I am discussing here .
This is not the incident I am talking about here .
This is exactly the case I am talking about here .
This is not the murder case I am talking about here .
This is not the case I am talking about on campus .
The most obvious reason for those who argue for this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
The most evident reason for those who argue for this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
The most obvious reason for those who object to this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
The most obvious reason for those who argue for this viewpoint is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
The most obvious reason for those who argue for this opinion is that the beloved ones of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
The most obvious reason for those who argue for this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these genetic diseases .
They have the right to know whether they are at risk .
They have the right to realize whether they are at risk .
They have the right to know whether they are admitted .
They have the right to know whether their family members are at risk .
They have no right to know whether they are at risk .
They have the right to know whether they are at risk genetically .
Also , telling them the result can let them largely reduce the cost for multiple testing .
Also , informing them of the result can let them largely reduce the cost for multiple testing .
Also , telling them the technology can let them largely reduce the cost for multiple testing .
Also , telling them the result can let the patients largely reduce the cost for multiple testing .
Also , telling them the result can let them largely reduce the cost for a variety of testing .
Also , telling them the result can let them largely reduce the cost for multiple testing in hospital .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease .
They can also take precautionary measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease .
They can also demand immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the likelihood of having this disease .
They can also take immediate measures to lessen the possibility of having this disease .
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of developing this disease .
If person has a disease C that might be a result of gene A .
If person has a disease C that might be an outcome of gene A .
If person has a disease C that is likely to be a result of gene A .
If person has developed a disease C that might be a result of gene A .
If patient has a disease C that might be a result of gene A .
If person has a disease C that might be a result of defective gene A .
He runs a test and know that he has the gene AA .
He undergoes a test and know that he has the gene AA .
He runs a test in the hospital and know that he has the gene AA .
He runs a test and know that he has the problematic gene AA .
He runs a physical examination and know that he has the gene AA .
He runs a test and know that he is the carrier of the gene AA .
This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .
This indicates both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .
This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of contracting disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .
This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could lower the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .
This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the expenditure on runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .
This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he goes through a test and know that he has the gene Aa .
This means one of his parents has gene A and one cost of testing could be saved .
This means either of his parents has gene A and one cost of testing could be saved .
This means one of his parents carries gene A and one cost of testing could be saved .
This means one of his parents has gene A and one expenditure on testing could be saved .
This indicates one of his parents has gene A and one cost of testing could be saved .
This means his parents have gene A and one cost of testing could be saved .
His relatives can then take measures , if this disease can some how be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives .
His relatives can then take immediate measures , if this disease can some how be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives .
His relatives can then take measures , if this incurable disease can some how be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives .
His relatives can then take precautions , if this disease can some how be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives .
His family members can then take measures , if this disease can some how be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives .
His relatives can then take measures , if this disease can some how be prevented , to stop this disease from jeopardizing their lives .
However , this can also be achieved from personal choice .
Nonetheless , this can also be achieved from personal choice .
However , this can far from be achieved from personal choice .
However , this can also be fulfilled from personal choice .
However , your dream can also be achieved from personal choice .
However , this is also likely to be achieved from personal choice .
One can choose to tell their relatives if they are at risk .
One can choose to tell their family members if they are at risk .
One has the right to tell their relatives if they are at risk .
One can choose to confide in their relatives if they are at risk .
One can be allowed to tell their relatives if they are at risk .
One is unlikely to choose to tell their relatives if they are at risk .
Most people care about their relatives , if there is no serious consequence of telling them so , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
Numerous people care about their relatives , if there is no serious consequence of telling them so , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
Most people are concerned about their relatives , if there is no serious consequence of telling them so , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
Most people care about their relatives , if there is no serious outcome of telling them so , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
Most people care about their relatives , if there is no serious consequence of telling them the truth , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
Most people care about their relatives , if there is no serious consequence of telling them so , I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be cautious .
One might also choose to hint or encourage their certain relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that comes across when they disclose their genetic results .
One might also choose to hint or stimulate their certain relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that comes across when they disclose their genetic results .
One might also choose to hint or encourage their certain relatives to go through a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that comes across when they disclose their genetic results .
One might also choose to hint or encourage their certain relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about malicious consequences that comes across when they disclose their genetic results .
One might also choose to hint or encourage their certain relatives to run a gene test if they fretted about negative consequences that comes across when they disclose their genetic results .
One might also choose to hint or encourage their certain relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that comes across when they reveal their genetic results .
There are possible negative consequences that those might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relative .
There are possible positive consequences that those might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relative .
There are possible negative consequences that those might encounter if they disclose their genetic results to their relative .
There are possible negative consequences that those might face if they reveal their genetic results to their relative .
There are possible negative consequences that those might face if they disclose their genetic defects to their relative .
There are possible negative consequences that those might face if they disclose their examination results to their relative .
If a person is obliged to tell his/her relatives , he or she might be discriminated by those who do not carry this gene .
If a person is compelled to tell his/her relatives , he or she might be discriminated by those who do not carry this gene .
If a person is obliged to notify his/her relatives , he or she might be discriminated by those who do not carry this gene .
If a person is obliged to tell his/her colleagues , he or she might be discriminated by those who do not carry this gene .
If a person is obliged to tell his/her relatives , he or she might be despised by those who do not carry this gene .
If a person is obliged to tell his/her relatives , he or she might be discriminated by those who do not carry this defective gene .
He or she might even be adviced not to get married or have children .
He might even be adviced not to get married or have children .
He or she might even be adviced not to get married or conceive .
He or she might even be adviced not to get engaged or have children .
He or she was even likely to be adviced not to get married or have children .
He or she might even be adviced not to get married .
For example , if an unmarried person has gene Aa and gene aa is sufficient for a very seriou disease .
For instance , if an unmarried person has gene Aa and gene aa is sufficient for a very seriou disease .
For example , if a single person has gene Aa and gene aa is sufficient for a very seriou disease .
For example , if an unmarried person carries gene Aa and gene aa is sufficient for a very seriou disease .
For example , if an unmarried person has gene Aa and gene aa is classified as a very seriou disease .
For example , if an unmarried person has gene Aa and gene aa is sufficient for a very seriou genetic flaw .
After he takes the test and be obliged to tell his relatives , everyone know that he is a carrier .
After t patient he takes the test and be obliged to tell his relatives , everyone know that he is a carrier .
After he accepts the test and be obliged to tell his relatives , everyone know that he is a carrier .
After he takes the test and be compelled to tell his relatives , everyone know that he is a carrier .
After he takes the test and be obliged to inform his relatives , everyone know that he is a carrier .
After he takes the test and be obliged to tell his relatives , nearly everyone know that he is a carrier .
So all the married couples go run a test and know they are not carriers.They might subconsiously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
So all husbands and wives go run a test and know they are not carriers.They might subconsiously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
So all the married couples go undergo a test and know they are not carriers.They might subconsiously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
So all the married couples go run a test and know they are not carriers.They might subconsiously think of him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
So all the married couples go run a test and know they are not carriers.They might subconsiously see him as alienated and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
So all the married couples go run a test and know they are not carriers.They might subconsiously see him as different and worry that he will find a spouse who will carry this gene as well .
Third , it is hard to define relatives .
Third , it is challenging to define relatives .
Finally , it is hard to define relatives .
Third , it is hard to define family members .
Third , it is hard to define our relatives .
Third , it is really hard to define relatives .
If a gene runs in the family , one of the family member test positive , whom does he need to tell .
If a dominant gene runs in the family , one of the family member test positive , whom does he need to tell .
If a gene runs in the family , one of the family member test negative , whom does he need to tell .
If a gene runs in the family , one of the family member test positive , whom does he need to inform .
If a gene runs in the family , one of the family member test positive , whom does he or s need to tell .
If a gene runs in the family , one of the family member test positive , whom does he should tell .
If that is a big family , is he obliged to tell everyone ?
If that is a big family , is he required to tell everyone ?
If that is a large family , is he obliged to tell everyone ?
If that is a big family , is he obliged to tell all his relatives ?
If that is a big family , is he obliged to inform everyone ?
If that is a big company , is he obliged to tell everyone ?
Spouses usually have very close relationships , if person A tell his family that he has this gene , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needed to run a test because his cousine has this disease .
Spouses always have very close relationships , if person A tell his family that he has this gene , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needed to run a test because his cousine has this disease .
Spouses usually have extremely close relationships , if person A tell his family that he has this gene , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needed to run a test because his cousine has this disease .
Spouses usually have very close relationships , if person A tell his family that he has this dominant gene , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needed to run a test because his cousine has this disease .
Spouses usually have very close relationships , if person A tell his family that he has this gene , his uncle C knows and informs his wife D that he needed to run a test because his cousine has this disease .
Spouses usually have very close relationships , if person A tell his family that he has this gene , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he should run a test because his cousine has this disease .
However wife D is not even under the risk of having this disease .
Whereas wife D is not even under the risk of having this disease .
However wife D is not under the risk of having this disease .
However wife D is not even under the risk of having this infectious disease .
However his wife is not even under the risk of having this disease .
However wife D is not even under the risk of transmitting this disease .
Then wife D might tell her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the theatre .
Then wife D may tell her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the theatre .
Then wife D might inform her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the theatre .
Then his wife might tell her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the theatre .
Then wife D might tell her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the cinema .
Then wife D might tell her mother , who enjoys gossiping on her way to the theatre .
In less than a week half of the town knows person A has a risked gene , and his family might be a genetically risked family .
In less than a month half of the town knows person A has a risked gene , and his family might be a genetically risked family .
In less than a week nearly half of the town knows person A has a risked gene , and his family might be a genetically risked family .
In less than a week half of the town knows person A has a risked gene , and his family may be a genetically risked family .
In less than a week half of the town knows person A has a risked gene , and his or her family might be a genetically risked family .
In a week half of the town knows person A has a risked gene , and his family might be a genetically risked family .
Then nobody wants to marry A , or his relatives .
Therefore , nobody wants to marry A , or his relatives .
Then nobody wishes to marry A , or his relatives .
Then nobody wants to marry A , or any of his relatives .
Then nobody wants to marry A , or his or her relatives .
Then nobody wants to marry A , or his family members .
This is the potential consequence if one does not have full control of his/her information , especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
This is the consequence if one does not have full control of his/her information , especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
This is the potential consequence if one does not have complete control of his/her information , especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
This is the potential consequence if one does not have full control of his/her personal data , especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
This is the potential consequence if one does not have full control of his/her information , particularly when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
This is the potential consequence if one does not have full control of his/her information , especially when the party that he is required to disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
All in all , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be required to tell his or her relatives .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family members .
In conclusion , a carrier of a genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives
Carrier who already knows there is a genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives
Carrier of a known genetic risk should have a duty to tell his or her relatives
Carrier of a known genetic risk should have an obligation to tell his or her relatives
Carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to inform his or her relatives
Carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her family members
Nowadays , people not only pursuit the comfort of their own life but also a better development of their following generations .
In our time , people not only pursuit the comfort of their own life but also a better development of their following generations .
Nowadays , people not only pursuit a comfortable life for mselves the but also a better development of their following generations .
Nowadays , people not only pursuit to make ir lives comfortable the but also a better development of their following generations .
Nowadays , people not only pursuit the comfort of their own life but also strive for a better development for their following generations .
Nowadays , people not only pursuit the comfort of their own life but also a better development of their children .
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced , it becomes possible for people to make decision to take genetic test so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which can affect their next generation .
As the technology of modern society has been so advanced , it becomes possible for people to make decision to take genetic test so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which can affect their next generation .
Since the technology of modern society has been so sophisticated , it becomes possible for people to make decision to take genetic test so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which can affect their next generation .
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced , it is more likely for people to make decision to take genetic test so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which can affect their next generation .
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced , it becomes possible for people to make decision to conduct genetic test so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which can affect their next generation .
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced , it becomes possible for people to make decision to take genetic test in order to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which can affect their next generation .
The debatable question , an ethical dilemma , is that are people responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
The controversial question , an ethical dilemma , is that are people responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
The debatable issue , an ethical dilemma , is that are people responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
The debatable question , an ethical dilemma , is that do people have a responsibility to tell their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
The debatable question , an ethical predicament , is that are people responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
The debatable question , an ethical dilemma , is that are people responsible for informing their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite obvious .
It seems to me that the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite obvious .
In my view , the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite obvious .
In my opinion , the obligation of telling family and relatives is quite obvious .
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling family and relatives is fairly obvious .
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite significant .
And there are two basic reasons .
And there are two key reasons .
And there are two basic reasons to explain this .
And there are two fundamental reasons .
And we have two basic reasons .
And there are two important reasons .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The first one is the importance of taking responsibility for your self-wellness and health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and health of your loved ones and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and health of your relatives and the second one is to have a consideration for the next generations .
The first one is the significance of being responsible for your self-wellness and health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The first one is the consequence of being responsible for your self-wellness and health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk is good for your self-wellness and health of your relatives .
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk is beneficial for your self-wellness and health of your relatives .
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk is good for both your self-wellness and health of your relatives .
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk is helpful for your self-wellness and health of your relatives .
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk is conducive to your self-wellness and health of your relatives .
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk contributes to your self-wellness and health of your relatives .
Because if you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is great possibility that your relatives like parents or siblings are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
Because if you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is good chance that your relatives like parents or siblings are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
Because if you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is great possibility that your relatives such as parents or siblings are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
Because when you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is great possibility that your relatives like parents or siblings are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
Because if you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is high probability that your relatives like parents or siblings are carrying the same genetic risk as well .
Because if you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is great possibility that your relatives like parents or siblings are carrying genetic risk that is the same as yours .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not influence your health and put you in danger .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not have an effect on your health and put you in danger .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you at risk .
The genetic risk which you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and endanger your life .
If you have n't undergone the genetic testing , it 's just odd and fate for what will happen to both of you and your relatives .
If you have n't gone through the genetic testing , it 's just odd and fate for what will happen to both of you and your relatives .
If you have n't undergone the traumatic experience , it 's just odd and fate for what will happen to both of you and your relatives .
If you have n't undergone the genetic testing , it 's just odd and destiny for what will happen to both of you and your relatives .
If you have n't undergone the genetic testing , it 's just odd and fate for what will happen to both of you and your colleagues .
If you have n't undergone the genetic testing , it 's just odd and fate for what will happen to both of you .
However , if you have undergone and known that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
On the contrary , if you have undergone and known that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
However , if you have gone through and known that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
However , if you have undergone and known that you are an unlucky guy , you are responsible for your whole family .
However , if you have undergone and known that you are a carrier , you are accountable to your whole family .
However , if you have undergone and known that you are a carrier , you shoulder responsibility for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoiding getting the disease .
Even though you can not eradicate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoiding getting the disease .
Even though you fail to eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoiding getting the disease .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk thoroughly , you can at least try to be alert to avoiding getting the disease .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least manage to be alert to avoiding getting the disease .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoiding contracting the disease .
As for those in your family who are more likely to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do the checks regularly .
As for those in your workplace who are more likely to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do the checks regularly .
When it comes to those in your family who are more likely to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do the checks regularly .
As for those in your family who are more prone to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do the checks regularly .
As for those in your family who are more likely to be affected , they can go to the key hospital to do the checks regularly .
As for those in your family who are more likely to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do the checks every couple of months .
Therefore , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even prevent to get the disease is your responsibility .
Consequently , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even prevent to get the disease is your responsibility .
Therefore , telling the families to get prepared for fighting the disease and even prevent to get the disease is your responsibility .
Therefore , telling the families and the relatives to get fully prepared for fighting the disease and even prevent to get the disease is your responsibility .
Therefore , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even prevent to get the disease is your obligation .
Therefore , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even inhibit to get the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible for your next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
Moreover , you are also being responsible for your next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
Furthermore , you are also being accountable to your next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible for your next generations by informing the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible for your offspring by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible for your next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic flaw .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and give birth to the baby , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well .
If your wife is not conscious of the truth and give birth to the baby , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well .
If your spouse is not aware of the truth and give birth to the baby , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well .
If your wife is not aware of the cruel truth and give birth to the baby , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and give birth to the baby , it will be possible for your child to suffer from the same genetic risk as well .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and give birth to the baby , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk .
Being the parent , you are not responsible to you next generations , since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being aware of it .
Being the parent , you are not accountable to you next generations , since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being aware of it .
Being the parent of your kids , you are not responsible to you next generations , since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being aware of it .
Being the parent , you are not responsible to you next generations , since you permit the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being aware of it .
Being the parent , you are not responsible to you next generations , since you allow the genetic flaw to be passed on by generation and generation and being aware of it .
Being the parent , you are not responsible to you next generations , since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being conscious of it .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance about whether to have child or not .
However , if you tell the truth to your spouse and relatives , you offer a chance about whether to have child or not .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife , you offer a chance about whether to have child or not .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you provide a chance about whether to have child or not .
Nevertheless , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance about whether to have child or not .
However , if you confide the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance about whether to have child or not .
And if you still decide to have the baby , since the technology has been developed so advanced , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering gene is perfected and widely used , you can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future .
And if you still determine to have the baby , since the technology has been developed so advanced , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering gene is perfected and widely used , you can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future .
And if you still decide to have the baby , since the technology has been developed so advanced , it might be possible in the near future that the application of altering gene is perfected and widely used , you can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future .
And if you still decide to have the baby , since the technology has been developed so advanced , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering gene is perfected , you can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future .
And if you still decide to have the baby , since the technology has been developed so advanced , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering gene is perfected and widely used , you can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a more promising future .
And if you still decide to have the baby , since the technology has been developed so advanced , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering gene is perfected and widely used , you can then choose to give birth to babies by offering them a brighter future .
This is the responsibility of being a parent .
This is the responsibility of being a good parent .
This is the responsibility of being a doctor .
This is the moral obligation of being a parent .
I think it is the responsibility of being a parent .
This is the basic responsibility of being a parent .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing at the first place .
And as far as I can see , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing at the first place .
And in my opinion , this appears to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing at the first place .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the primary purpose of undergoing that genetic testing at the first place .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of having that genetic testing at the first place .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main cause of undergoing that genetic testing at the first place .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone the genetic testing and being aware of carrying some specific genetic risk , there are responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and your following generations by telling your relatives and families the truth .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone the genetic testing and being aware of carrying some specific genetic risk , there are responsibilities to your family members , yourself , and your following generations by telling your relatives and families the truth .
All in all , once you have undergone the genetic testing and being aware of carrying some specific genetic risk , there are responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and your following generations by telling your relatives and families the truth .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone the genetic testing and being aware of carrying some genetic risk , there are responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and your following generations by telling your relatives and families the truth .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone the genetic testing and being aware of carrying some specific genetic risk , there are moral obligations to your relatives , yourself , and your following generations by telling your relatives and families the truth .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone the genetic testing and being aware of carrying some specific genetic risk , there are responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and future generations by telling your relatives and families the truth .
To tell or not to tell
To be or not to be
To do or not to do
To tell or not to tell It is a question.
To tell the truth or not to tell the truth
Therefore, to tell or not to tell
Consider a case , we decide to undergo genetic testing and have known the result of it .
Consider a case , we opt to undergo genetic testing and have known the result of it .
Consider a case , we decide to have genetic testing and have known the result of it .
Consider a case , we finally decide to undergo genetic testing and have known the result of it .
Consider a case , you decide to undergo genetic testing and have known the result of it .
Consider the following scenario , we decide to undergo genetic testing and have known the result of it .
We found that we actually are the genetic risk carrier .
We found that we are the genetic risk carrier .
We found that we actually are the .
We found that we actually are the carrier .
We found that we actually may be the genetic risk carrier .
We found that we actually are the HIV carrier .
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we need to inform our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we need to tell our family members who may carry this genetic risk as well .
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we should tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we need to tell our relatives who may have this genetic risk as well .
Eventually , it becomes troublesome about whether we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
There are really a lot of things we need to consider .
There are really numerous things we need to consider .
There are actually a lot of things we need to consider .
There are really a lot of factors we need to consider .
There are really a lot of things we should consider .
There are really a lot of things we need to think about .
Every choice we have made may have a huge impact on their whole life .
Every choice we have made can have a huge impact on their whole life .
Every decision we have made may have a huge impact on their whole life .
Every choice we have made may have a great impact on their whole life .
Every choice we have made may have a huge impact on our whole life .
Actually , every choice we have made may have a huge impact on their whole life .
As a result , what should we do ?
As a result , what exactly should we do ?
As a result , what should these students do ?
If that happens , what should we do ?
As a result , what should we do to protect ourselves from heart disease ?
As a result , what can we do ?
Tell them or keep this secret until we die ?
Should we tell them or keep this secret until we die ?
Tell them or keep this secret a mystery until we die ?
Tell them or keep this secret until we pass away ?
Inform them or keep this secret until we die ?
Tell them or just keep this secret until we die ?
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
Many people feel that we need to tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
Many people feel that we should inform our relatives since we really care about their health status .
Many people feel that we should tell our family members since we really care about their health status .
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we truly care about their health status .
Many people think that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
Diabetes , for example , is a kind of genetic disease .
For example , albinism is a kind of genetic disease .
For example , diabetes is a special kind of genetic disease .
For instance , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
As we know , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
Once we found we were carrying this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well .
Once we found we were carrying this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell relatives because they may carry it as well .
Once we found we were carrying this genetic risk , it is preferable for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well .
Once we found we were carrying this genetic risk , it is better for us to inform our family members because they may carry it as well .
Once we found we were carrying this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell our family members because they probably carry it as well .
Once we found we were still carrying this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits like eating less sugar contained food and keeping a good mood .
If we inform them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits like eating less sugar contained food and keeping a good mood .
If we tell them , they will start paying more attention to their daily habits like eating less sugar contained food and keeping a good mood .
If we tell them , they may begin to pay more attention to their daily habits like eating less sugar contained food and keeping a good mood .
If we tell them , they may start paying closer attention to their daily habits like eating less sugar contained food and keeping a good mood .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their habits like eating less sugar contained food and keeping a good mood .
And it is important for those young people .
And it is also important for those young people .
And it is crucial for those young people .
And it is important for those young individuals .
And it is important for those young people to take exercise .
Moreover , it is important for those young people .
The earlier we tell them , a better habit they will arise and better for the rest of their lives .
The earlier we inform them , a better habit they will arise and better for the rest of their lives .
The sooner we tell them , a better habit they will arise and better for the rest of their lives .
The earlier we tell them , a better habit they will arise and better for the remainder of their lives .
The earlier we tell them to do so , a better habit they will arise and better for the rest of their lives .
The earlier we tell them , a better habit they will arise and better for their lives .
What 's more they may undergo genetic test as well to see whether they are carrying it or not which is also better for them .
Moreover , they may undergo genetic test as well to see whether they are carrying it or not which is also better for them .
What 's more they may have genetic test as well to see whether they are carrying it or not which is also better for them .
What 's more they may undergo genetic test as well to see whether they are carrying it or not which is better for them .
What 's more they may undergo genetic test as well to see whether they are carrying it or not which is also necessary for them .
What 's more they may undergo genetic test as well to check whether they are carrying it or not which is also better for them .
However , some people may argue that why we want to interfere with their lives ?
Whereas , some people may argue that why we want to interfere with their lives ?
However , some people will argue that why we want to interfere with their lives ?
However , some people may argue that why we want to meddle in their lives ?
However , some one may argue that why we want to interfere with their lives ?
However , some people may argue that why we want to interfere with other's lives ?
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease which is untreatable .
Occasionally it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease which is untreatable .
Sometimes it becomes very hard for them to accept this news especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease which is untreatable .
Sometimes it becomes extremely difficult for them to accept this news especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease which is untreatable .
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news particularly if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease which is untreatable .
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a serious disease like blood disease which is untreatable .
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your relative comes tells you that actually there are some possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future , what kind of feeling are you going to have ?
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your family members comes tells you that actually there are some possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future , what kind of feeling are you going to have ?
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your relative comes informs you that actually there are some possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future , what kind of feeling are you going to have ?
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your relative comes tells you that there are some possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future , what kind of feeling are you going to have ?
Imagine you are living like a normal person but unexpectedly one day your relative comes tells you that actually there are some possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future , what kind of feeling are you going to have ?
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your relative comes tells you that actually there are some possibilities that you may encounter some severe disease in the future , what kind of feeling are you going to have ?
It may affect our daily lives and we will think about it every day .
It will affect our daily lives and we will think about it every day .
It may have an impact on our daily lives and we will think about it every day .
It may affect the functioning of the heart and we will think about it every day .
It may affect our daily lives and we don't know how to deal with it .
It may affect our daily lives and we will think about it all the time .
We become so anxious that we can not focus on everything .
We are so anxious that we can not focus on everything .
We become so stressed that we can not focus on everything .
We become so anxious that we are unable to focus on everything .
We become so anxious that we can not concentrate on everything .
Finally , we become so anxious that we can not focus on everything .
At the same time , there will also be chances that the genetic test result is not correct which means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so actually we are bringing trouble to them .
In the meantime , there will also be chances that the genetic test result is not correct which means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so actually we are bringing trouble to them .
At the same time , there will still be chances that the genetic test result is not correct which means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so actually we are bringing trouble to them .
At the same time , there will also be chances that the genetic test result is in correct which means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so actually we are bringing trouble to them .
At the same time , there will also be chances that the genetic test result is not correct which implies they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so actually we are bringing trouble to them .
At the same time , there will also be chances that the genetic test result is not correct which means they are wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so actually we are bringing trouble to them .
Personally I feel that we still should take our responsibility to tell them the situation .
Personally I think that we still should take our responsibility to tell them the situation .
Personally I feel that we should take our responsibility to tell them the situation .
Personally I feel that we still should take our responsibility to tell them the truth .
Personally I feel that we still should take our responsibility to inform them of the situation .
Actually I feel that we still should take our responsibility to tell them the situation .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way .
Since this will have a significant impact on their lives , what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way .
As this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to make it positive ly .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to attempt to make it in a positive way .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try our best to make it in a positive way .
We can not let it go .
We simply can not let it go .
We can not let it happen .
We should not let it go .
We can not live without water .
I think we can not let it go .
We should know that although we may affect their lives , we can still let them make correct choices in the future .
We need to know that although we may affect their lives , we can still let them make correct choices in the future .
We should know that although we may have an impact on their lives , we can still let them make correct choices in the future .
We should know that although we may affect their lives , we can still let them make good decisions in the future .
We should know that although we may affect their lives , we can still allow them to make correct choices in the future .
We should know that though we may affect their lives , we can still let them make correct choices in the future .
It is only after we tell them will they start paying attention to their health .
It is only after we inform them will they start paying attention to their health .
It is only after we tell them will they begin to pay attention to their health .
It is only after we tell them will they start paying closer attention to their health .
It is only after we tell them will they start caring about their health .
It is only after we tell them will they start paying attention to their mental health .
They will consider whether to give a birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to avoid their baby to carry this genetic risk as well .
They will decide whether to give a birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to avoid their baby to carry this genetic risk as well .
They will consider whether to give a birth to a baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to avoid their baby to carry this genetic risk as well .
They will consider whether to give a birth to a new baby because of this genetic risk and they will start finding ways to try to avoid their baby to carry this genetic risk as well .
They will consider whether to give a birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will begin to find ways to try to avoid their baby to carry this genetic risk as well .
They will consider whether to give a birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to prevent their baby from to carry this genetic risk as well .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
They often have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
They always make a decision about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
They always have a choice about whether or not to undergo the genetic test .
The carriers always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
They always have a difficult choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
Maybe after we tell them , they will go for it and know more about themselves .
Perhaps after we tell them , they will go for it and know more about themselves .
Maybe after we inform them , they will go for it and know more about themselves .
Maybe after we tell them , they will accept it and know more about themselves .
Maybe after we tell them , they will go for it and know more about the disease .
Maybe after we tell them , they will go for it and know how to deal with it .
I know it will have a huge impact on them , but we should know that they are our loved ones , we need to tell them and help them .
I know it will have a great impact on them , but we should know that they are our loved ones , we need to tell them and help them .
It will have a huge impact on them , but we should know that they are our loved ones , we need to tell them and help them .
I know it will have a huge impact on them , but we should know that they are our loved ones , we should tell them and help them .
I know it will have a huge impact on them , but we should know that they are our dear ones , we need to tell them and help them .
I know it will adversely affect them , but we should know that they are our loved ones , we need to tell them and help them .
A genetic risk carrier should be obliged to tell
A genetic risk carrier may be obliged to tell
A genetic risk carrier should be required to tell
I think a genetic risk carrier should be obliged to tell
A genetic risk carrier should also be obliged to tell
A HIV carrier should be obliged to tell
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
Genetic testing will be performed when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
Genetic testing will be conducted when one is at risk of some possible disease .
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some severe disease .
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual disease .
Genetic testing will be conducted when the carrier is at risk of some possible disease .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused social extensive controversy .
Once the test is done , whether or not the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused social extensive controversy .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be disclose to his or her relatives has caused social extensive controversy .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be open to his or her family members has caused social extensive controversy .
Once the test finishes , whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused social extensive controversy .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has sparked social extensive controversy .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected .
Some argue it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected .
Some people say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the patient and should be protected .
Some say it is a kind of severe invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should not be invaded .
He or she has the right not to tell anyone .
He or she has the freedom not to tell anyone .
He or she has the right to remain silent .
I have the right not to tell anyone .
He or she has the right not to inform anyone of the problem .
He or she has the right to tell anyone .
However , in my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her actual situation .
In my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her actual situation .
However , in my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her family members about his or her actual situation .
However , in my view , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her actual situation .
However , in my opinion , it is the responsibility of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her actual situation .
However , in my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her current situation .
This essay will illustrate in two aspects .
This dissertation will illustrate in two aspects .
This essay will illustrate in different aspects .
This essay will clearly illustrate in two aspects .
This essay will demonstrate in two aspects .
Actually , this essay will illustrate in two aspects .
First of all , it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have .
To begin with , it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have .
First of all , the genetic defect can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have .
First of all , it can be an alert for the relatives of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have .
First of all , it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be conscious of the possible disease that they may also have .
First of all , it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also develop .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
As we all know , genetic risk sufferers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are reluctant to pass the genetics to their family members .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their beloved ones .
As we all know , viral risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
As is known to all , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Once one member in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Once one person in the family is found carrying risky genetic , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of developing the disease .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other members in his or her family may have the risk of disease as well .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other vulnerable members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Some of the diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough .
Some of the diseases may not be clinically evident until the carrier is old enough .
Some of the diseases may not show symptoms until the patient is old enough .
A wide range of the diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough .
Some of the diseases are not likely to show symptoms until the carrier is old enough .
Some of the genetic diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and save much time for proper treatment .
Consequently , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and save much time for proper treatment .
Therefore , informing the relatives of the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and save much time for proper treatment .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of unnecessary trouble in this way and save much time for proper treatment .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may prevent a lot of trouble in this way and save much time for proper treatment .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and save much time for appropriate treatment .
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment .
Occasionally life may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment .
Sometimes life may even be rescued if they are told early and conduct timely treatment .
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are notified early and conduct timely treatment .
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are told early and conduct effective treatment .
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment in the hospital .
So for the consideration for the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Taking account for the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
So for the sake for the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
So for the consideration for the other family members , the relatives should be notified .
So for the consideration for the other family members , the beloved ones should be informed .
So for the consideration for the other family members , the relatives ought to be informed .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic disease passed to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
Secondly , it can probably avoid genetic disease passed to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
Secondly , the surgery can avoid genetic disease passed to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic disease passed to the next generation when they rush to have babies .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic disease passed to posterity when they intend to have babies .
Secondly , it can prevent genetic disease passed to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
They should let their spouse know about his or her situation before marriage .
They should let their husbands or wives know about his or her situation before marriage .
They should let their spouse be familiar with his or her situation before marriage .
They should let their spouse know about his or her current situation before marriage .
They should let their spouse know about his or her situation before getting married .
They should let their spouse know about his or her possible scenario before marriage .
They need to ask for doctor 's advice before they plan to have a baby .
The carriers need to ask for doctor 's advice before they plan to have a baby .
They need to ask for doctor 's prescription before they plan to have a baby .
They need to ask for doctor 's advice before they intend to have a baby .
They need to ask for doctor 's advice before they plan to have a kid .
They need to seek doctor 's advice before they plan to have a baby .
Some genetic gene will pass only to boys rather than girls , some are on the contrary .
Some genetic gene will pass only to males rather than females , some are on the contrary .
Some genetic gene defects will pass only to boys rather than girls , some are on the contrary .
Some genetic gene will affect only boys rather than girls , some are on the contrary .
Some genetic gene will pass only to boys rather than girls , some are on the opposite .
Some genetic gene will pass only to boys rather than girls , others are on the contrary .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may have risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
If the patient refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may have risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
If the carrier rejects to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may have risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
If the carrier refuses to confide the truth to his or her spouse , another life may have risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his spouse , another life may have risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another unlucky infant may have risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
I noticed a real story on newspaper years ago .
I spotted a real story on newspaper years ago .
I noticed a real incident on newspaper years ago .
I noticed a real story on newspaper a couple of years ago .
My father noticed a real story on newspaper years ago .
I noticed a surreal story on newspaper years ago .
A couple in China have a son of 5 years old .
A couple in China have a five-year-old son .
A couple in America have a son of 5 years old .
A businessman in China have a son of 5 years old .
A couple have a son of 5 years old .
A couple in China have twins of 5 years old .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosis a kind of genetic disease which is very serious .
Their son miserably fell ill and he was diagnosis a kind of genetic disease which is very serious .
Their son unfortunately developed the disease and he was diagnosis a kind of genetic disease which is very serious .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosis a kind of genetic disease .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosis a kind of genetic disease which is nearly incurable .
Their son unfortunately fell ill was diagnosis a kind of genetic disease which is very serious .
They were told that the wife 's family was carrying the polygenetic disorder and can pass only to boys rather than girls .
They were informed that the wife 's family was carrying the polygenetic disorder and can pass only to boys rather than girls .
They were told that the wife 's family was afflicted by the polygenetic disorder and can pass only to boys rather than girls .
They were told that the wife 's family was carrying the psychiatric disorder and can pass only to boys rather than girls .
They were told that the wife 's family was carrying the polygenetic disorder and can pass only to boys instead of girls .
They were told that the wife 's family was carrying the polygenetic disorder and can pass merely to boys rather than girls .
Therefore their son was inherited the genetic disease .
Consequently their son was inherited the genetic disease .
Therefore their son was miserably inherited the genetic disease .
Therefore their kid was inherited the genetic disease .
Therefore their son was developed the genetic disease .
Therefore their son was inherited the genetic disease at an early age .
However , the wife actually had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband .
On the contrary , the wife actually had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband .
However , the spouse actually had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband .
However , the wife actually had already been familiar with the polygenetic disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband .
However , the wife actually had already known about the genetic disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband .
However , the wife actually had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage and she did not confide in her husband .
The son was died after one year 's treatment and the couple got divorced later after that .
The son was passed away after one year 's treatment and the couple got divorced later after that .
The son was died after one year 's treatment and the couple broke up later after that .
The pathetic son was died after one year 's treatment and the couple got divorced later after that .
The son was died after one year 's therapy and the couple got divorced later after that .
The son was died after one year 's treatment and the couple got divorced later .
If the wife had not hind the truth and asked for doctor 's advice before they have baby , the tragic would not happen .
If the wife had not deliberately hind the truth and asked for doctor 's advice before they have baby , the tragic would not happen .
If the wife had not hind the truth and sought doctor 's advice before they have baby , the tragic would not happen .
If the wife had not hind the truth and asked for doctor 's advice before they have kids , the tragic would not happen .
If the wife had not hind the truth and asked for doctor 's prescription before they have baby , the tragic would not happen .
If the wife had not hind the truth and asked for doctor 's advice before they have baby , the family tragic would not happen .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to inform his or her relatives .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her family members .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk is responsible for telling his or her relatives .
In a nutshell , a HIV carrier has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the possible disease they may have and can perform treatment in time if possible .
On the one hand , it can inform members of the carrier 's family of the possible disease they may have and can perform treatment in time if possible .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the disease they may have and can perform treatment in time if possible .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the possible disease they may have and can perform treatment as soon as possible .
On the one hand , it can tell the carrier 's family members the possible disease they may have and can perform treatment in time if possible .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the possible disease they may have and can perform medical advice in time if possible .
On the other hand , it may pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier hides the truth .
On the other hand , it may pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier conceals the truth .
On the other hand , it may pass the disease to the next generation if the HIV carrier hides the truth .
On the other hand , it may pass the disease to the following generation if the carrier hides the truth .
On the other hand , it will pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier hides the truth .
On the other hand , the disease may be passed down to the next generation if the carrier hides the truth .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do a genetic testing .
Nowadays , with the development of technology , it is easy to do a genetic testing .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is simple to do a genetic testing .
With the advancement of technology , it is easy to do a genetic testing .
Today , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do a genetic testing .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy for us to do a genetic testing .
We can not deny that the genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face the disorder problem .
We must admit that the genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face the disorder problem .
We can not deny that the genetic testing helps people a lot when they face the disorder problem .
We can not deny that the genetic testing really helps people a lot when they deal with the disorder problem .
We can not deny that the genetic testing is extremely beneficial to people when they face the disorder problem .
Additionally , we can not deny that the genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face the disorder problem .
However , I thought that the genetic information is one person 's personal privacy which should be protected by the law .
Nevertheless , I thought that the genetic information is one person 's personal privacy which should be protected by the law .
However , I thought that the genetic information is one person 's personal privacy that should be protected by the law .
However , I thought that the genetic information is one person 's personal privacy which should be protected by the legislation .
However , I thought that the genetic information is one 's personal privacy which should be protected by the law .
However , I thought that the sexual orientation is one person 's personal privacy which should be protected by the law .
Therefore , I thought a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
Actually , I thought a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore , I thought a known genetic risk should not be required to tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore , I thought a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Therefore , I thought a known genetic risk should not be obligated to inform his or her family or relatives .
Therefore , I thought a genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
There are three reasons as follows .
I think there are three reasons as follows .
There are three causes for this as follows .
There are three good reasons as follows .
I can give you three reasons as follows .
Three are given reasons as follows .
Firstly , the information concerning to the genetic is something personally which is also a privacy like people 's bank card key .
First of all , the information concerning to the genetic is something personally which is also a privacy like people 's bank card key .
Firstly , the information concerning to the genetic is something personally which is a privacy like people 's bank card key .
Firstly , the information concerning to the genetic is something personally which is also a privacy like a person 's bank card key .
Firstly , the issue concerning to the genetic is something personally which is also a privacy like people 's bank card key .
Firstly , the information concerning to the genetic is something personally which is also a privacy like people 's ID key .
Other people should not be told without the person 's permission even though they are his or her family or relatives .
Other people should not be told without the person 's permission even though they are his or her relatives .
Other people should not be informed without the person 's permission even though they are his or her family or relatives .
Other individuals should not be told without the individual 's permission even though they are his or her family or relatives .
Other people should not be told in advance without the person 's permission even though they are his or her family or relatives .
Other people should not be told without the person 's permission even though they are his or her family or friends .
The government should set the law to protect this kind of privacy .
The parliament should set the law to protect this kind of privacy .
The government should set the policy to protect this kind of privacy .
The government should set the law to protect this kind of private issue .
The government ought to set the law to protect this kind of privacy .
The government should set the law to protect this kind of from being intruded on .
Once people 's genetic information is told to other people .
Once people 's genetic information is told to other family members .
Once people 's genetic privacy is told to other people .
Once people 's genetic information is divulged to other people .
Once people 's genetic information is told to their acquaintances .
Once people 's private information is told to other people .
They may know the person 's potential disabled disease or other bad things naturally .
They may fret the person 's potential disabled disease or other bad things naturally .
They may know the person 's incurably disabled disease or other bad things naturally .
They may know the person 's potential disabled cancer or other bad things naturally .
They are likely to know the person 's potential disabled disease or other bad things naturally .
They may know the spouse 's potential disabled disease or other bad things naturally .
They may set a bias on this person even abandon his or her .
They may set a prejudice on this person even abandon his or her .
They may discriminate against this person even abandon his or her .
They may set a bias on this individual even abandon his or her .
They may set a bias on this person even alienate his or her .
They may set a bias on this person even abandon his .
People do not have the ability to choose their gene , they should not be thought badly because of bad gene .
Numerous people do not have the ability to choose their gene , they should not be thought badly because of bad gene .
People do not have the capability to choose their gene , they should not be thought badly because of bad gene .
People do not have the ability to alter their gene , they should not be thought badly because of bad gene .
People do not have the ability to choose their gene , they should not be thought badly because of defective gene .
People do not possess the ability to choose their gene , they should not be thought badly because of bad gene .
So I think whatever the genetic is or whether the gene is match with their parents , it should not be told to anyone even his or her family or relatives .
So I hold the viewpoint that whatever the genetic is or whether the gene is match with their parents , it should not be told to anyone even his or her family or relatives .
So I think whatever the genetic is or whether the gene is match with their parents , it should not be divulged to anyone even his or her family or relatives .
So I think whatever the genetic is or whether the gene is match with their parents , it should not be told to anyone even his or her family .
So I think whatever the genetic is or whether the gene is match with their parents , it should not be told to anyone including his or her family or relatives .
So I think whatever the genetic is or whether the gene is match with their parents , it ought not to be told to anyone even his or her family or relatives .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family even broken the relation between children with the adult .
Most importantly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family even broken the relation between children with the adult .
Secondly , the sufferer of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family even broken the relation between children with the adult .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may devastate the peace of a family even broken the relation between children with the adult .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the intimacy of a family even broken the relation between children with the adult .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family even broken the relation between kids with the adult .
Once his or her family or relatives know that the person does not have the relation with them .
Once his family or relatives know that the person does not have the relation with them .
Once his or her family or relatives are aware of that that the person does not have the relation with them .
Once his or her family or relatives know that the spouse does not have the relation with them .
If his or her family or relatives know that the person does not have the relation with them .
Once his or her family know s that the person does not have the relation with them .
However happy they were before , there would be some barrier appears which will truly destroy the family gradually .
No matter how happy they were before , there would be some barrier appears which will truly destroy the family gradually .
However intimate they were before , there would be some barrier appears which will truly destroy the family gradually .
However happy they were before , there would be some misunderstanding appears which will truly destroy the family gradually .
However happy they were before , there would be some barrier appears which will truly ruin the family gradually .
However happy they were before , there would be some barrier appears which will truly destroy the family in the end .
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
The intimacy between the parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
The relationship between the parents and their kids should not be tested only in the genetic way ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only genetically ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way ; it is something much more sincere and tighter .
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way ; it is something much tighter .
The parents give knowledge and love to the children , meanwhile they feel happy with the accompany of the children .
While the parents give knowledge and love to the children , they feel happy with the accompany of the children .
While giving knowledge and love to the children , parents feel happy with the accompany of the children .
The parents give their children knowledge and love , meanwhile they feel happy with the accompany of the children .
The parents care about and love the ir children , meanwhile they feel happy with the accompany of the children .
The parents give knowledge and love to the children , and they also feel happy with the accompany of the children .
The children rely the parent to live .
The children depend the parent to live .
The children are dependent the parent to live .
The children rely the ir parent for a living .
The children rely the parent for survival .
The children count the parent to live .
When they grow up , they take care of the old parents and thank for their dedication .
When they grow up , they take care of the old parents and are grateful for their dedication .
When they grow up , they care for the old parents and thank for their dedication .
When they grow up , they look after the old parents and thank for their dedication .
When they grow up , they take care of the ir elderly parents and thank for their dedication .
When they grow up , they take care of the old parents and thank for their efforts .
The relation between parents and children is something about love and dedication .
The relation between parents and children is something related to love and dedication .
The relation between parents and children involves something love and dedication .
The relation between parents and children is something about love and devotion .
The relation between parents and children is something about care , love and dedication .
The relation between parents and children reflects something love and dedication .
Everyone does not want to see the scene of the broken family due to the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Everyone does not want to see the family break up due to the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Everyone does not want to have the broken family due to the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Everyone does not want to see the scene of the broken home due to the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Everyone does not want to see the scene of the broken family because of the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Everyone does not want to see the scene of the broken family caused by the carrier of a known genetic risk .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Hence , I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Therefore , I believe a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk has no obligation to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk is not bound to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk is under no obligation to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Finally , the technology of testing the gene is not very mature now .
At last , the technology of testing the gene is not very mature now .
In the end , the technology of testing the gene is not very mature now .
Finally , the technology of detecting the gene is not very mature now .
Finally , the technology of testing the gene is not quite mature now .
Finally , the technology of testing the gene is not mature enough now .
There also exists some probability of wrong testing .
There is also some probability of wrong testing .
There also exists some possibility of wrong testing .
It is also possible to make wrong testing .
It is likely to conduct wrong testing .
There also exists a slim chance of wrong testing .
If the wrong testing was not found by the doctor , the family and the children may be sad and have a struggling life for their whole life .
If the wrong testing was not detected by the doctor , the family and the children may be sad and have a struggling life for their whole life .
If the wrong testing was not found by the doctor , the family and the children are likely to be sad and have a struggling life for their whole life .
If the wrong testing was not found by the doctor , the family and the children may be upset and have a struggling life for their whole life .
If the wrong testing was not found by the doctor , the family and the children may be heartbroken and have a struggling life for their whole life .
If the wrong testing was not found by the doctor , the family and the children could be sad and have a struggling life for their whole life .
Therefore I think a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
So I think a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore I believe a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore I think a know genetic risk is not supposed to be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore I think a know genetic risk should not necessarily tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore I think a know genetic risk is not bound to tell his or her family or relatives .
Therefore , considering the people 's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , for the peace of the family , I support that a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Hence , considering the people 's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , for the peace of the family , I support that a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Therefore , considering the people 's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , for the peace of the family , I think that a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Therefore , considering the people 's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , for the peace of the family , I support that a know genetic risk should not be required to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Therefore , considering the people 's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , for the peace of the family , I support that a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives without the person 's permission .
Therefore , considering the people 's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , for the peace of the family , I support that a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the individual 's permission .
A Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell His or Her Relatives
A Carrier of a Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell His or Her Relatives
A Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Required to Tell His or Her Relatives
A Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Inform His or Her Relatives
A Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell His or Her family members
A HIV Carrier Should be Obligated to Tell His or Her Relatives
More and more illness are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of the medical technology .
More and more illness are discovered to be related to some genes with the improvement of the medical technology .
More and more illness are found to be related to some genes with the development of the medical technology .
More and more illness are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of the technology .
Some illness are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of the medical technology .
More and more illness are also discovered to be related to some genes with the development of the medical technology .
People will know about whether they carry a disease on their genes after they have done the genetic test .
People will know about whether or not they carry a disease on their genes after they have done the genetic test .
People will know about whether they carry a disease on their genes after they have undergone the genetic test .
People will know about whether they have a disease on their genes after they have done the genetic test .
People will know about whether they carry a severe disease on their genes after they have done the genetic test .
People will soon know about whether they carry a disease on their genes after they have done the genetic test .
If there is no problem , that will be wonderful .
If there is no job , that will be wonderful .
If there is no water , that will be no life .
If there is no problem , that will be absolutely wonderful .
If there is no problem , it will be a wonderful invention .
If there are two people , that will be wonderful .
However , not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes .
However , not everyone is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes .
However , not everybody is so fortunate that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes .
Nevertheless , not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes .
However , not everybody is so lucky that they can ensure that they do not carry any disease genes .
However , not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not have any disease genes .
Therefore , once people find they have carried the disease genes , they should be responsible to tell their relatives , at least their family members .
Nevertheless , once people find they have carried the disease genes , they should be responsible to tell their relatives , at least their family members .
Therefore , once people know that they have carried the disease genes , they should be responsible to tell their relatives , at least their family members .
Therefore , once people find they have carried the disease genes , they should be responsible to inform their relatives , at least their family members .
Therefore , once people find they have carried the disease genes , they should be responsible to tell their relatives .
Therefore , once people find they have carried the disease genes , they should have responsibility for tell ing their relatives , at least their family members .
It may be awkward and embarrassed for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
It may be uneasy and embarrassed for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
It may be awkward and embarrassed for a person to tell family members that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
It may be awkward and embarrassed for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a genetic risk .
It may be awkward and embarrassed for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a HIV carrier .
It may be awkward and embarrassed for a person to inform relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather , then of course they own the same genes in some part .
However , they are all from one family and own the same forefather , then of course they own the same genes in some part .
But they all come from one family and own the same forefather , then of course they own the same genes in some part .
But they are all from the same household and own the same forefather , then of course they own the same genes in some part .
But they are all from one family and have the same forefather , then of course they own the same genes in some part .
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather , then of course they own the same DNA in some part .
Therefore there is nothing to be shy for or be afraid of .
Hence there is nothing to be shy for or be afraid of .
Therefore there is nothing to be worried for or be afraid of .
Therefore there is nothing to be shy for or be scared of .
Therefore there is nothing remarkable for him .
Therefore there is something for music that distinguishes it from all other art forms .
If the person tell their relatives that he or she carries a disease gene , his or her relatives can go to hospital to check whether they also get a disease gene .
If the person tell their colleagues that he or she carries a disease gene , his or her relatives can go to hospital to check whether they also get a disease gene .
If the person tell their relatives that he carries a disease gene , his or her relatives can go to hospital to check whether they also get a disease gene .
If the person tell their relatives that he or she is afflicted by a disease gene , his or her relatives can go to hospital to check whether they also get a disease gene .
If the person tell their relatives that he or she carries a disease cell , his or her relatives can go to hospital to check whether they also get a disease cell .
If the person tell their relatives that he or she carries a disease gene , his or her relatives can go to hospital to test whether they also get a disease gene .
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the disease to occur .
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the chronic disease to occur .
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the cancer to occur .
Then the colleagues can prepare themselves to prevent the disease to occur .
Then the relatives can allow themselves to prevent the disease to occur .
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to forbid the disease to occur .
Also they can prevent the disease going to their offspring .
Also they can prevent the disease going to their posterity .
Also they can stop the disease going to their offspring .
Also they can prevent the incurable disease going to their offspring .
Also they can prevent the genetic defects going to their offspring .
Also they can prevent the disease going to their innocent offspring .
If the relatives carry that disease gene , they can share the experience with him or her and give some help , they will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If the relatives suffer from that disease gene , they can share the experience with him or her and give some help , they will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If the relatives carry that disease virus , they can share the experience with him or her and give some help , they will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If the relatives carry that disease gene , they can confide the experience to him or her and give some help , they will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If the relatives carry that disease gene , they can share the misery with him or her and give some help , they will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If the relatives carry that disease gene , they can share the experience with him or her and seek some help , they will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If he or her not get married , he or she must tell his or her partner that he carries disease gene .
If he or her not get engaged , he or she must tell his or her partner that he carries disease gene .
If he or her not get married , he or she assumes the responsibility for ing tell his or her partner that he carries disease gene .
If he or her not get married , he or she must confide to his or her partner that he carries disease gene .
If he or her not get married , he or she must tell his or her partner that he is afflicted by disease gene .
If he or her not get married , he or she must tell his or her spouse that he carries disease gene .
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of the doctors .
Then they can have a disease-free baby with the help of the doctors .
Then they can conceive a healthy baby with the help of the doctors .
Then the couple can have a healthy baby with the help of the doctors .
Then they can have a healthy baby with the aid of the doctors .
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of the physicians .
Or else , if he holds back the genetic risk , they may have a unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or end of their marriage .
Otherwise , if he holds back the genetic risk , they may have a unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or end of their marriage .
Or else , if he holds back the potential risk , they may have a unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or end of their marriage .
Or else , if he holds back the genetic risk , they may have a unhealthy child and may cause the death of the baby or end of their marriage .
Or else , if he holds back the genetic risk , they may give birth to a unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or end of their marriage .
Or else , if he holds back the genetic risk , they may have a unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or breakup of their marriage .
There is a story I watched on TV .
There is a heart-warming I watched on TV .
There is a story I watched on the Internet .
There is a story I digested on TV .
There is a story my grandfather watched on TV .
There is a story I watched .
A couple did not have a child after their marriage for a long time , their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to check what was the problem .
A couple did not have a child after their marriage for a couple of years , their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to check what was the problem .
A couple fail to have a child after their marriage for a long time , their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to check what was the problem .
A couple did not have a child after their marriage for quite a long time , their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to check what was the problem .
A couple did not have a child after their marriage for a long time , their parents were concerned about that and asked them to go to hospital to check what was the problem .
A couple did not have a child after their marriage for a long time , their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to figure out what was the problem .
After came back from the hospital , the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene so that they can not have a baby in their life time .
After came back from the hospital , the husband told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene so that they can not have a baby in their life time .
After came back from the hospital , the man confided to his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene so that they can not have a baby in their life time .
After came back from the hospital , the man told his parents that the cause of infertility was that he carried a disease gene so that they can not have a baby in their life time .
After came back from the hospital , the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene so that they can not have a baby for life .
After came back from the hospital , the man told his parents that the problem was that he was afflicted by a disease gene so that they can not have a baby in their life time .
The woman did not know the test result , but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce with her husband .
The woman know nothing about the test result , but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce with her husband .
The woman did not know the test result , but she overheard the talk and chose to divorce with her husband .
The woman did not know the test result , but she decided to divorce with her husband .
The woman did not know the test result , but she overheard the rumour and decided to divorce with her husband .
The woman did not know anything , but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce with her husband .
After got the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test report ; it wrote that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man .
After got the divorce certificate , the man displayed the test report to her ; it wrote that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man .
After got the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test result ; it wrote that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man .
After got the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test report ; it stated that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man .
After got the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test report ; it wrote that the woman had the disease gene instead of the man .
After got the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test report immediately ; it wrote that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man .
At that time , the woman known how much her husband loved her but she ruined her happiness .
At that moment , the woman known how much her husband loved her but she ruined her happiness .
At that time , the woman finally known how much her husband loved her but she ruined her happiness .
At that time , the woman known how much her husband valued her but she ruined her happiness .
At that time , the woman known how much her husband loved her but she destroyed her happiness .
At that time , the woman known how much her husband loved her her happiness .
Tears showed nothing .
Tears showed nothing .
Tears showed nothing .
Tears showed nothing .
Tears showed nothing .
Tears showed nothing .
People can not avoid carrying the disease genes , which they born with .
People are unable to escape carrying the disease genes , which they born with .
People can not avoid having the disease genes , which they born with .
These people can not avoid carrying the disease genes , which they born with .
Therefore , people can not avoid carrying the disease genes , which they born with .
People can not avoid carrying the disease genes , which they carrying from birth .
However , they can avoid the disease genes being inhered to their children .
Whereas , they can avoid the disease genes being inhered to their children .
However , they are able to avoid the disease genes being inhered to their children .
However , they can prevent the disease genes from being inhered to their children .
However , they can avoid the disease genes being inhered to the next generation .
However , they can avoid the disease genes being inhered to their kids .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make their family members bond closely , also many risks and conflicts can be avoided .
By telling their family members that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make their family members bond closely , also many risks and conflicts can be avoided .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of having the disease gene can make their family members bond closely , also many risks and conflicts can be avoided .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene may make their family members bond closely , also many risks and conflicts can be avoided .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make their family members bond closely , also many risks and disputes can be avoided .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make their family members bond closely , also many risks and conflicts are avoidable .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect each individual at risk for a disorder .
Genetic testing has turned into a beneficial way to predict and protect each individual at risk for a disorder .
Genetic testing has become a valuable tool to predict and protect each individual at risk for a disorder .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect each person at risk for a disorder .
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and save each individual at risk for a disorder .
Genetic testing has become a very beneficial way to predict and protect each individual at risk for a disorder .
However , there rises a family-related ethical dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
Nevertheless , there rises a family-related ethical dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
However , there exists a family-related ethical dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
However , there rises a family-related moral dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
However , there rises a family-related ethical dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier 's family once the test has been done and the results are known .
However , there rises a family-related ethical dilemma if it is right to inform a carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the rights to know the result .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the rights to know the outcome .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her family members have the rights to know the result .
I believe that his or her relatives have the rights to know the result .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives should have the rights to know the result .
I tend to believe that his or her relatives have the rights to know the result .
The answer is simply that everyone , especially our family , has the right to know the truth .
The answer is that everyone , especially our family , has the right to know the truth .
The answer is simply that everyone , especially our family , should have the right to know the truth .
The answer is simply that everyone , particularly our family , has the right to know the truth .
The answer is simply that everyone , especially our family members , has the right to know the truth .
The answer is simply that everybody , especially our family , has the right to know the truth .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist , the consequence will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist , the consequence will be severe if other members of his or her family do not know .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves social and psychological risks due to the test results , while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist , the consequence will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , while the potential negative impacts of the risk still remain , the consequence will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , while the possible negative impacts of the risk still exist , the consequence will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist , the consequence may be significant if other members of his or her family do not know .
Then they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and emotional preparations .
They are then unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and emotional preparations .
Then they are unable to have a proper method to protect themselves and emotional preparations .
Then they don't have a suitable method to protect themselves and emotional preparations .
Then they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves effectively and emotional preparations .
Then they are unable to have a suitable way to protect themselves and emotional preparations .
Taking Angeline Jolie for example , she is famous but she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing on the development of her breast cancer risk .
Taking Angeline Jolie for example , she is famous but she still disclosed the truth about her genetic testing on the development of her breast cancer risk .
Taking Angeline Jolie for example , she is famous but she still revealed the result of her genetic testing on the development of her breast cancer risk .
Taking Angeline Jolie for example , she is a celebrity but she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing on the development of her breast cancer risk .
Angeline Jolie is famous but she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing on the development of her breast cancer risk .
Taking Angeline Jolie for example , she is famous but she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing on the rapid progression of her breast cancer risk .
Everything is not that bad if you know how to look at the bright side with hope .
Everything is not that terrible if you know how to look at the bright side with hope .
Everything is not so bad if you know how to look at the bright side with hope .
Everything is not that bad if you know how to focus at the bright side with hope .
Everything is not that bad if you are able to look at the bright side with hope .
Everything is not that bad if you know how to look at the bright side with love .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
People may feel enraged , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
People may feel angry , despondent , or even guilty about their results .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their outcomes .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even remorseful about their results .
People might feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
In some cases , a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the others ' risk somehow .
Sometimes , a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the others ' risk somehow .
In some cases , a HIV carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the others ' risk somehow .
In some cases , a carrier may suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the others ' risk somehow .
In some cases , a carrier can experience a domestic because the result is also related to the others ' risk somehow .
In some cases , a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also associated with the others ' risk somehow .
However , I believe it is just a usual reaction to this situation .
However , I think it is just a usual reaction to this situation .
Whereas , I believe it is just a usual reaction to this situation .
However , I believe it is only a usual reaction to this situation .
However , I believe it is just a expected reaction to this situation .
However , I believe it is just a usual reaction to this particular situation .
In addition , though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life , how people can face more dramatic tragedy such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation .
Moreover , though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life , how people can face more dramatic tragedy such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation .
In addition , though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment , how people can face more dramatic tragedy such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation .
In addition , though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life , how people can face more dramatic disaster such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation .
In addition , though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life , how people can deal with more dramatic tragedy such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation .
In addition , though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life , how people can face more inevitable tragedy such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation .
Life is hard but people can not blame it on being unfair .
Life is tough but people can not blame it on being unfair .
Life is really hard but people can not blame it on being unfair .
Life is hard but Nobody can blame it on being unfair .
Life is hard but people should not blame it on being unfair .
Life is hard but people can not blame it on being bland .
Social media has been playing a vital important role in our lives today .
Social media such as Tik Tok has been playing a vital important role in our lives today .
Microblog has been playing a vital important role in our lives today .
Social media has been playing a vital concernful in our lives today .
Social media has been playing a vital indispensable role in our lives today .
Social media has been playing a vital important role in our lives , especially for the teenagers .
It is almost imposible for us to keep way from it .
It is almost imposible for us to keep way from our phones .
It is almost imposible for the young people to keep way from it .
It is almost imposible for us to keep way from it for more than two hours .
It is indeed imposible for us to keep way from it .
It is almost imposible for us to keep way from it , let alone give up .
I started invoving into Facebook one years ago,when I just arrived singapore .
As you mentioned before , I started invoving into Facebook one years ago,when I just arrived singapore .
I began invoving into Facebook one years ago,when I just arrived singapore .
I started invoving into Tik Tok one years ago,when I just arrived singapore .
I started invoving into the dispute one years ago,when I just arrived singapore .
I started invoving into Facebook one years ago,when I just decided to have a new life singapore .
And now I got over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundrends of seeds every day .
And now I have ten got over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundrends of seeds every day .
And now I got over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundrends of messages every day .
And now I got over 500 friends on Facebook , which is popular today , and buried myself with hundrends of seeds every day .
And now I got over 500 friends , who are utter strangers to me , on Facebook and buried myself with hundrends of seeds every day .
And now I got over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundrends of seeds to numb myself every day .
We know each others ' status , changements and so on through the social media .
We know each others ' jobs , changements and so on through the social media .
We know each others ' status , changements and so on through the chat room .
We know each others ' status , changements and so on through communication in the social media .
We know each others ' status , changements , experiences and so on through the social media .
We know others ' status , changements and so on through the social media .
For an example , if we change our contact numbers , we will not send SMS to each of individual any longer .
For an instance , if we change our contact numbers , we will not send SMS to each of individual any longer .
For an example , if we change our contact details , we will not send SMS to each of individual any longer .
For an example , if we change our contact numbers , we will not be able to send SMS to each of individual any longer .
For an example , if we accidentally change our contact numbers , we will not send SMS to each of individual any longer .
For an example , if we write our contact numbers incorrectly , we will not send SMS to each of individual any longer .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform this kind of changments .
Conversely , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform this kind of changments .
Instead , we will post a result and tag our friends to inform this kind of changments .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our siblings to inform this kind of changments .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends in the end to inform this kind of changments .
As mentioned before , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform this kind of changments .
And if you are not on it , you will just get lost .
And if you are not on it , you will just get lost in the forest .
And if you are not on the list , you will just get lost .
And if you are not on it , you will just get a completely different result .
And if you are not on it , all of us will just get lost .
And if you are not on it , you will just be defeated .
In certain aspects , social media has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
In certain aspects , social media has brought us quite a lot of benefits .
In certain aspects , social media has brought us quite a lot of problems .
In certain aspects , excessive use of social media has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
In certain aspects , social revolution has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
In certain aspects , social welfare has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
It is becoming even more convinient than talking throught the phone since it is free .
It is becoming even more convinient than chatting throught the phone since it is free .
It is becoming even more convinient than talking throught the emails since it is free .
It is becoming even more convinient than talking throught the phone since it is free a year ago .
It is becoming even more convinient than talking throught the phone since it is becoming cheaper .
It is becoming even more convinient than talking throught the phone since the charging rule is changed .
We discuss every thing we like and we have more personal space.Our friends also got more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
We talk about every thing we like and we have more personal space.Our friends also got more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
In everyday life , we discuss every thing we like and we have more personal space.Our friends also got more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
We discuss every thing we are interested in and we have more personal space.Our friends also got more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
We discuss every thing we like and we have more private space.Our friends also got more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
We discuss every thing we like and we have more personal space.Our friends also got more access to know what we are looking for and what we like .
And also , we get a chance to talk to public people like popular stars and know their life better .
And also , we get a chance to talk to famous people like popular stars and know their life better .
And also , we get a chance to attend the party and talk to public people like popular stars and know their life better .
And also , we get a chance to interview those public people like popular stars and know their life better .
And surprisely , we get a chance to talk to public people like popular stars and know their life better .
And also , we get a chance to talk to public people like popular stars and know what their lives are like .
In China , a lot of government organizations have open blogs to communicate with people , like firefighters , police stations and so on .
In China , a lot of government organizations have open blogs to communicate with people and post some notices , like firefighters , police stations and so on .
In many countries , a lot of government organizations have open blogs to communicate with people , like firefighters , police stations and so on .
In China , a lot of government organizations and companies have open blogs to communicate with people , like firefighters , police stations and so on .
In China , a lot of government organizations have open blogs to communicate with people , like firefighters , police stations and so on , which is useful in some emergencies .
In China , a lot of government organizations have open blogs to communicate with people , like firefighters , police stations , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and so on .
Socia media allows them to explain to or inform people what is going on .
Socia media allows them to explain to or inform people what is going on around the world .
Socia media allows government and other instututions to explain to or inform people what is going on .
Socia media like Twitter allows them to explain to or inform people what is going on .
Socia media allows them to explain to or inform people what is going on at home and abroad .
Nowadays , social media allows them to explain to or inform people what is going on .
And actually lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media like looking for people get lost and so on .
And actually lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media to look for people get lost and so on .
And actually lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media such as Weibo and Facebook like looking for people get lost and so on .
And actually , with the development of information technology , lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media like looking for people get lost and so on .
And actually lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media like looking for people get lost , catching criminals and so on .
And nowadays , lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media like looking for people get lost and so on .
With more convinient and humanian communications , the relationship between government and people get largely improved .
With more convinient and humanian communications , the relationship between government and people get largely improved than before .
With more convinient and humanian communications , the relationship between government and companies get largely improved .
With more convinient and humanian communications , the relationship between nature and people get largely improved .
With more convinient and humanian communications , the relationship between government and people get largely improved , which is a good news .
With more convinient and humanian polices , the relationship between government and people get largely improved .
What 's more , various of cultures can be shown to us through social medias .
What 's more , all kinds of of cultures can be shown to us through social medias .
What 's more , various of advertisements can be shown to us through social medias .
What 's more , various of cultures in different countries can be shown to us through social medias .
What 's more , various of cultures and special food can be shown to us through social medias .
What 's more , various of cultures can be shown to the ers from all over the world us through social medias .
We can know more news and cultures through socia medias .
We can know more social mores and cultures through socia medias .
We can know more news and cultures through socia medias to broaden our horizen .
We can know more about what is going on and cultures through socia medias .
We can know more news and hot issues through socia medias .
We can know more news and cultures through socia medias , which has brought lots of benefits to our lives .
From this scope , social media has shorten our distance .
From this angle , social media has shorten our distance .
From this scope , social media has shorten our distance of communication .
From this scope , the advent of social media has shorten our distance .
From this scope , social media has shorten our distance and brought us closer together .
From this scope , social media has shorten our attention spans .
However , we get less chance and less importance to talk face to face since social media is so convinient , advanced and interesting .
However , we get less chance and less importance to talk face to face since social software is so convinient , advanced and interesting .
However , we get less chance and less importance to talk face to face since social media becomes so convinient , advanced and interesting .
However , we get less chance and less significance to talk face to face since social media is so convinient , advanced and interesting .
However , we get less chance and less importance to talk with our families face to face since social media is so convinient , advanced and interesting .
However , we get less chance and less importance to talk face to face than before since social media is so convinient , advanced and interesting .
And even we gather together more people find themselves has less topics to talk than before and choose to digging from their social media again .
And even we gather together more people find themselves has less topics to talk than before and decide to digging from their social media again .
And even people gather together more people find themselves has less topics to talk than before and choose to digging from their social media again .
And even we gather together a growing number of people find themselves has less topics to talk than before and choose to digging from their social media again .
And even we gather together people find themselves has less topics to talk than before and choose to digging from their social media again .
And even we gather together more people find themselves has less topics to talk than the old days and choose to digging from their social media again .
When we are far away , social media makes it as we are infront of each other ; sometimes when we are by each others ' side , we are seem to be further than far away .
When we are far away , social media makes it as we are infront of each other ; while when we are by each others ' side , we are seem to be further than far away .
When we are far away , social media makes it as we are infront of each other ; when we are by each others ' side , we are seem to be further than far away .
When we are far away , social network makes it as we are infront of each other ; sometimes when we are by each others ' side , we are seem to be further than far away .
When we are far away from each other , social media makes it as we are infront of each other ; sometimes when we are by each others ' side , we are seem to be further than far away .
When we are far away , social media makes it as we are infront of each other ; sometimes when we stand by each others ' side , we are seem to be further than far away .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationship not as stable , secure and reliable than before .
This kind of behavior makes people 's relationship not as stable , secure and reliable than before .
This kind of feeling makes couple 's relationship not as stable , secure and reliable than before .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationship not so stable , secure and reliable than before .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationship not as stable , comfortable and reliable than before .
This kind of feeling made people 's relationship not as stable , secure and reliable than before .
Besides , there are more people shwing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experience .
By the way , there are more people shwing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experience .
Besides , there are more and people shwing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experience .
Besides , there are more people shwing their pictures of food or travelling experience .
Besides , there are more people shwing their photos of yummy food or travelling experience .
Besides , there are more people shwing their pictures of yummy food as well as travelling experience .
To some extent , this makes our life more luxry and blundering .
To some degree , this makes our life more luxry and blundering .
To some extent , this kind of lifestyle makes our life more luxry and blundering .
To some extent , this made our life more luxry and blundering .
To some extent , this makes our life more luxry and extravagant .
To some extent , it makes our life more luxry and blundering .
For myself , I am long to some places after I saw those beatiful pictures taken by my firneds .
For me , I am long to some places after I saw those beatiful pictures taken by my firneds .
For myself , I am long to some places after I saw those beatiful pictures taken by my roommates .
For myself , I am long to some tourist attractions after I saw those beatiful pictures taken by my firneds .
For myself , I am long to some places after I saw those beatiful photos taken by my firneds .
For myself , I am long to some places after I saw those beatiful pictures taken by firneds .
Sometimes I even canoot sleep well because of excitement .
Sometimes I even canoot sleep at night because of excitement .
Sometimes I even canoot sleep well because of the feeling of tension .
From time to time I even canoot sleep well because of excitement .
Sometimes my parents even canoot sleep well because of excitement .
I even canoot sleep well because of excitement .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and left us less time to think about our life .
Social network makes our life patten so fast and left us less time to think about our life .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and left us less time to think about our life than before .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and left us less time to think about our future .
Smart phone makes our life patten so fast and left us less time to think about our life .
Social media makes our life patten much fast er and left us less time to think about our life .
Social media is becoming more important and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better .
Social media is more important and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better .
Social media is becoming more indispensible and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better .
Social media is becoming more important so we need to think more to make it serve us better and better .
Social media is becoming increasingly important and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better .
Social media is becoming more important and we need to think more to make it provide us better service .
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills requires practice .
Writing skills , like any other skills requires practice .
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills in our life requires practice .
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills requires a long-time practice .
Interpersonal skills , like any other important skills requires practice .
Interpersonal skills , like other skills requires practice .
Besides that , these skills requires time to develop and adapted .
Other than that , these skills requires time to develop and adapted .
Besides that , these skills requires time and effort to develop and adapted .
Besides that , these skills requires us to spend time to develop and adapted .
Besides that , these abilities requires time to develop and adapted .
Besides what we mentioned before , these skills requires time to develop and adapted .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stint ; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stint ; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in control .
The emerging of social media definitely has its stint ; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stint or defects ; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
The burgeoning of social media definitely brings several stint to us ; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
The booming of social media definitely has its stint ; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important use of social media .
Convenience and efficiency are two of the most important use of social media .
Convenience and efficiency are two very significant use of social media .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important use of social software .
Communication and sharing are two very important use of social media .
Convenience and efficiency are the two most important use of social media .
While millions of users are connect at any one time , any information can be readily available at their perusal .
While millions of users are connect at any one time , any information can be readily available at their perusal if they want .
While millions of users are connect at any one time , any information can be completely available at their perusal .
While millions of users of the software are connect at any one time , any information can be readily available at their perusal .
Though millions of users are connect at any one time , any information can be readily available at their perusal .
While millions of users are connect at any one time , any information or news can be readily available at their perusal .
This improves the connectivity between the users .
This technology improves the connectivity between the users .
The advent of social media improves the connectivity between the users .
This strengthens the connectivity between the users .
This improves the connectivity and communication between the users .
This improves the connectivity between the users of the software .
For an example , one is able to send notifications and other information we use to have them in hardcopy previously , over the web and the process takes seconds .
For an example , one benefit is able to send notifications and other information we use to have them in hardcopy previously , over the web and the process takes seconds .
For an example , one is able to send notifications and other information we use to have them in hardcopy previously , over the internet and the process takes seconds .
For an perspective , one is able to send notifications and other information we use to have them in hardcopy previously , over the web and the process takes seconds .
For an example , one is able to send notifications and other information we use to have them in hardcopy and carried in wagons pulled by horses or oxen previously , over the web and the process takes seconds .
For an example , one is able to send notifications and other information we use to have them in hardcopy previously , over the web and the process actually takes seconds .
The receipent,will then receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
The receipent,will then receive the notification almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
The receipent,will then receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality and speed of the network .
The receipent,will then receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network rather than the speed of horse .
The receipent,will then arrival the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
The receipent,will then receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network or WIFI .
This covenience can be percieved as almost in realtime .
This covenience can be regarded as almost in realtime .
In other words , this covenience can be percieved as almost in realtime .
This covenience can be percieved as nearly in realtime .
This covenience of the social media can be percieved as almost in realtime .
This covenience and efficiency can be percieved as almost in realtime .
Next , communication are also greatly improved .
Next , communication are also greatly developed .
And second , communication are also greatly improved .
Next , communication are also greatly improved by the technology .
Next , communication and the sharing of information are also greatly improved .
Next , communication are also significantly improved .
In the past , vast communication are done by one of the many such a telegram , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
In the past , vast communication are done by one of the many devices such a telegram , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
In the past , vast communication are done by one of the many such a telegram , snail mail , poor-quality voice calls and so on .
In the past , vast communication are done by one of the many such a wire telecommunication equipment , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
In the past , vast communication are done by one of the many such a telegram , snail mail and poor-quality telephone booth .
In the old days , vast communication are done by one of the many such a telegram , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
With the welcoming of application such as Skype and Facetime , any individual can phase off most , of the olden days communication methods .
With the welcoming of application such as Skype and Facetime , any individual can phase off most , of the conventional communication methods .
With the advent of application such as Skype and Facetime , any individual can phase off most , of the olden days communication methods .
With the welcoming of application such as Skype , Facetime , and WeChat , any individual can phase off most , of the olden days communication methods .
With the welcoming of application such as Skype and Facetime , any individual can phase out most , of the olden days communication methods .
With the welcoming of application such as Skype and Facetime , individual can weed out most , of the olden days communication methods .
Aside from hearing the voice , a webcamera could also be affixed to emulate a 'real ' interaction with expressions and gestures .
Aside from hearing the voice , a webcamera could also be affixed to simulate a 'real ' interaction with expressions and gestures .
Apart from hearing the voice , a webcamera could also be affixed to emulate a 'real ' interaction with expressions and gestures .
Aside from hearing the voice in the video , a webcamera could also be affixed to emulate a 'real ' interaction with expressions and gestures .
Aside from hearing the voice , a webcamera could also be used to emulate a 'real ' interaction with expressions and gestures .
Aside from hearing the voice , a webcamera could also be affixed to emulate a 'real ' interaction between people with expressions and gestures .
Communication would have took a different turn without the easily available social media .
Communication between people would have took a different turn without the easily available social media .
Communication would have took a different change without the easily available social media .
Communication would have took a totlly different turn without the easily available social media .
Communication would have took a different turn if there is no easily available social media .
Society would have took a different turn without the easily available social media .
However , it is a good practice not to intesively use social media all the time .
However , it is a good habit not to intesively use social media all the time .
Most remarkably , it is a good practice not to intesively use social media all the time .
However , it is a good practice not to intesively use social media all the time and keep it away from us .
However , it is a good practice and also a hard deal not to intesively use social media all the time .
However , it is a good practice not to intesively use social media all the time , and to pay more attention to the people around you .
Intimate interaction greatly lack in social media interactions , particularly the touch .
Intimate interaction greatly lack in social media interactions , especially the touch .
Intimate and close interaction greatly lack in social media interactions , particularly the touch .
Intimate interaction with your lover greatly lack in social media interactions , particularly the touch .
Intimate interaction greatly lack in social media interactions , particularly the touch and hug .
Intimate interaction are greatly insufficient in social media interactions , particularly the touch .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recepient .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be more familiar with the recepient .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to feel closer to the recepient .
Having to meet and interact face to face allows one to be closer to the recepient .
Having to meet and sit down for talks allows one to be closer to the recepient .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recepient , which is better than talk in the phone .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the brain to coordinate .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor , thinking and cerebral cortex of the mind to coordinate .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which explains the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor , thinking mode and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
It is really about a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction between people is done with thinking and typing .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is finished with thinking and typing .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking , typing , and messaging .
It is the the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing within several seconds .
As a result , one does not train the necessarily parts of the skills required for a proper interpersonal relations .
As a result , one does not train the necessarily parts of the skills required in a proper interpersonal interaction .
As a result , individual does not train the necessarily parts of the skills required for a proper interpersonal relations .
As a result , one does not obtain the necessarily parts of the skills required for a proper interpersonal relations .
As a result , one does not train the necessarily parts of the skills required for a proper interpersonal relations in daily life .
As a result , one does not train the necessarily parts of the skills or abilities required for a proper interpersonal relations .
It is also entire incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skill .
It is also entire incorrect to attribute to social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skill .
It is also entire inaccurate to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skill .
It is also entire incorrect to fault social media and information technology alone for the lack of interpersonal skill .
It is also entire incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skill and ability .
To be honest , it is also entire incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skill .
It is just because that you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard time .
It is just because that you do become strong enough to overcome the hard time .
It is just because that you do not become strong to overcome the hard time .
It is just because that you do not become able to overcome the hard time .
It is just because that you do not become strong enough to get through the hard time .
Moreover , it is just because that you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard time .
Furthermore , living with a secret is not a good sensation , especially if the situations of other relatives become worse , you should feel guilty and depressed .
Additionally , living with a secret is not a good sensation , especially if the situations of other relatives become worse , you should feel guilty and depressed .
Furthermore , living with a secret is not a good feeling , especially if the situations of other relatives become worse , you should feel guilty and depressed .
Furthermore , keeping a secret is not a good sensation , especially if the situations of other relatives become worse , you should feel guilty and depressed .
Furthermore , living with a secret is not a good sensation , particularly if the situations of other relatives become worse , you should feel guilty and depressed .
Furthermore , living with a secret is not a good sensation , especially if the situations of other relatives become worse , you should feel guilty and disappointed .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever but when it is revealed , more shocking and upset it will be .
Moreover , the truth can not be kept from people forever but when it is revealed , more shocking and upset it will be .
Moreover , the secret can not be hidden forever but when it is revealed , more shocking and upset it will be .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden permanently but when it is revealed , more shocking and upset it will be .
Furthermore , the truth can not be hidden forever but when it is revealed , more shocking and upset it will be .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever but when it is revealed , more terrible and upset it will be .
As the result , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives , telling the genetic testing result is needed .
As the result , it is in the interests of the carriers and their family members , telling the genetic testing result is needed .
As the result , it is in the interests of the HIV carriers and their relatives , telling the genetic testing result is needed .
As the result , it is in the interests of the carriers , telling the genetic testing result is needed .
As the result , it is in the interests of the patients and their relatives , telling the genetic testing result is needed .
As the result , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives , telling the genetic testing outcome is needed .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling the result to your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy of each other as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling the outcome to your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy of each other as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling the result to your relatives can improve and develop understanding and sympathy of each other as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling the result to your family may improve and develop understanding and sympathy of each other as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling the result to your family can develop understanding and sympathy of each other as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a private issue , telling the result to your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy of each other as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of the society and anxiety about the risks .
That plays a significant role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of the society and anxiety about the risks .
That plays an important role in the possibility that family members can overcome the discrimination of the society and anxiety about the risks .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can get through the discrimination of the society and anxiety about the risks .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of the society and apprehension about the risks .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the widespread prejudice and anxiety about the risks .
To put it in the nutshell , I believe that people should have the obligation to tell their relatives about the genetic testing result for the good of their health .
To put it in the nutshell , I think that people should have the obligation to tell their relatives about the genetic testing result for the good of their health .
To put it in the nutshell , I believe that people should have the obligation to inform their relatives about the genetic testing result for the good of their health .
To put it in the nutshell , I believe that people should have the obligation to tell their family members about the genetic testing result for the good of their health .
To put it in the nutshell , I believe that people should have the responsibility for tell ing their relatives about the genetic testing result for the good of their health .
To put it in the nutshell , I believe that the carriers should have the obligation to tell their relatives about the genetic testing result for the good of their health .
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their family .
It can be extremely difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their family .
It can be very challenging for them but necessary for the carriers and their family .
It can be very difficult for them but absolutely necessary for the carriers and their family .
It can be very difficult for them to accept but necessary for the carriers and their family .
It can be very difficult for them but beneficial to the carriers and their family .
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition is also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and if necessary to guide them if he/she wish to conduct a similar genetic testing .
Moreover , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition is also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and if necessary to guide them if he/she wish to conduct a similar genetic testing .
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition is also crucial so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and if necessary to guide them if he/she wish to conduct a similar genetic testing .
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition is also important so that you can convey the proper information to your family and relatives and if necessary to guide them if he/she wish to conduct a similar genetic testing .
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition is also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and if necessary to guide them if he/she wish to conduct a similar genetic testing .
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition is also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and if necessary to guide them if he/she wish to undergo a similar genetic testing .
The Impact Of Social Media
The Great Impact Of Social Media
The Profound Impact Of Social Media
The Assistance Of Social Media
The Impact Of A Car Crash
The Impact Of the recession
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills on its own - some has it , some does not .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a type of skills on its own - some has it , some does not .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills that people have in common on its own - some has it , some does not .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people and identified that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills on its own - some has it , some does not .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences on people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills on its own - some has it , some does not .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people and found that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills on its own - some has it , some does not .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance of utilising tests , and ranked .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance of utilising tests , and sorted .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different bits of intelligence can be charted , in accordance of utilising tests , and ranked .
Howard Garner stated that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance of utilising tests , and ranked .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance of using tests , and ranked .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance of utilising tests , and ranked in a list .
Fundamentally , those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed .
Fundamentally , those who scored higher ranking for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed .
Fundamentally , those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed in daily life .
Fundamentally , those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is necessary .
Fundamentally , those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal skills are more likely to make mistakes when this skill is needed .
In fact , those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed .
Though social media need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , friends .
Though social media need not be completely bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , friends .
Though social media is a useful tool and need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , friends .
Though social media need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , friends rather than using it all the time .
Though social media need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - to deal with work , family , friends .
While social media need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , friends .
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The types we use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The types of use must also be noteworthy - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The types of use also need to be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The types of use must also be taken note of - including informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The forms of use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
The space of separation between the parties must also be looked at .
The space of separation between the parties must also be taken note of .
The space of separation between home and company must also be looked at .
The space of separation between the party and our house must also be looked at .
The space of separation between the parties must also be looked at in advance .
The space of separation between the parties must also be checked .
For people who are living very far from one another , the intensive use social media is justified .
For people who are living very far from their frineds or family , the intensive use social media is justified .
For people who are living very far from one another , the intensive use social media is understandable .
For people who are living very far from one another , the frequent use social media is justified .
For people who are living very far from one another , the intensive use social media such as WeChat is justified .
For people who are living very far from one another , the intensive use social media is justified and reasonable .
For those who lives within the community should at least meet up , and not use social media as the primary source of communcation with each other .
For those who lives within the community should at least meet up , and not use social media as the only source of communcation with each other .
For those who lives within the community should at least meet up , and not use social media as the primary source of communcation with each other even their family .
For those who lives within the same community should at least meet up , and not use social media as the primary source of communcation with each other .
For those who lives within the community should at least meet twice a week , and not use social media as the primary source of communcation with each other .
For those who lives within the community should at least meet up , and not use social media as the primary source of interaction with each other .
And at the same time , improves the interpersonal skill , through dynamic practises betwwen individuals and realtime presence .
And at the same time , improves the interpersonal skill , through continual practises betwwen individuals and realtime presence .
And at the same time , improves the interpersonal skill , employing dynamic practises betwwen individuals and realtime presence .
And at the same time , improves the interpersonal skill , through dynamic practises betwwen individuals and realtime communication .
And at the same time , improves the interpersonal skill , through dynamic practises betwwen individuals and realtime presence in a cafe .
And at the same time , improves the interpersonal skill , through dynamic practises betwwen individuals and face-to-face presence .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better relationship between those interacting .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting with each other .
The combination of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch or even hug could also bring a better rapport between those interacting .
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better rapport and bond between those interacting .
Recently , the rise of social media helped people to have more closer connection with each other , it is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face to face meetings .
Up to now , the rise of social media helped people to have more closer connection with each other , it is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face to face meetings .
Recently , the advent of social media helped people to have more closer connection with each other , it is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face to face meetings .
Recently , the rise of social media helped people to interact more closely with each other , it is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face to face meetings .
Recently , the rise of social media helped people to have more closer contact with each other , it is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face to face meetings .
Recently , the rise of social media helped people to have more closer connection with each other , it is a more convenient and affordable way to have online contact compared with face to face meetings .
In my opinion , social media websides such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face to face contact and thus negatively affects interpersonal skills .
From my point of view , social media websides such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face to face contact and thus negatively affects interpersonal skills .
In my opinion , social media websides such as Twitter will not affect the chance for people to have face to face contact and thus negatively affects interpersonal skills .
In my opinion , social media websides such as Twitter and Facebook will not undermine the chance for people to have face to face contact and thus negatively affects interpersonal skills .
In my opinion , social media websides such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face to face contact and thus inevitably affects interpersonal skills .
In my opinion , social media websides such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the opportunity for people to have face to face contact and thus negatively affects interpersonal skills .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chance of having face to face contacts amoung people .
On the other hand , it may even add to the chance of having face to face contacts amoung people .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chance of having face to face interpersonal contacts amoung people .
On the other hand , the social media may even increase the chance of having face to face contacts amoung people .
On the other hand , it may probably increase the chance of having face to face contacts amoung people .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chance of having face to face contacts amoung in your neighbourhood .
First , social media networks have a lot user base , it helps to link people from different parts of the world .
First , social media networks boast a lot user base , it helps to link people from different parts of the world .
First , social media networks have a lot user base , it helps to keep in touch with people from different parts of the world .
First , social media networks have a lot user base , it helps to link friends from different parts of the world .
First , social media networks have a lot user base , it helps to link people from different parts of the globe .
First , social media networks have a lot user base , it is indispensable for link ing people from different parts of the world .
In the days without the social networks , people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they never meet before .
Without the social networks , people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they never meet before .
In the days without the social media , people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they never meet before .
In the days without the social networks , netizens may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they never meet before .
In the days without the social networks , people fail to have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they never meet before .
In the days without the social networks , people may not have the chance to know others from every corner of the globe or the ones they never meet before .
Their number of people that they know may only limited to the people they meet in daily life like classmates and working partners .
Their number of people that they know may only limited to the people they meet in daily life like classmates .
Their number of guys that they know may only limited to the people they meet in daily life like classmates and working partners .
Their number of people that they know may only limited to the people they meet in mundane life like classmates and working partners .
Their number of people that they know may only limited to the people they meet in daily life like classmates and colleagues .
Their number of people that they know may only limited to the people they meet in daily life like roommates and working partners .
Therefore , social networks brings more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they never known before , and this helps to develop the interpersonal skills as well .
Consequently , social networks brings more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they never known before , and this helps to develop the interpersonal skills as well .
Therefore , social media brings more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they never known before , and this helps to develop the interpersonal skills as well .
Therefore , social networks brings an increasing number of connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they never known before , and this helps to develop the interpersonal skills as well .
Therefore , social networks brings more and more contacts between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they never known before , and this helps to develop the interpersonal skills as well .
Therefore , social networks brings more and more connections between people and they may have a chance to chat with people they never known before , and this contributes to developing the interpersonal skills as well .
Secondly , although social network takes time for people to chat online but not face to face , they may still decide a time online to meet others face to face in the daily life .
Above all , although social network takes time for people to chat online but not face to face , they may still decide a time online to meet others face to face in the daily life .
Secondly , although social media takes time for people to chat online but not face to face , they may still decide a time online to meet others face to face in the daily life .
Secondly , although social network takes time for people to chat online but not with low latency , they may still decide a time online to meet others face to face in the daily life .
Secondly , although social network takes time for people to chat online but not face to face , they may still determine a time online to meet others face to face in the daily life .
Secondly , although social network takes time for people to chat online but not face to face , they may still decide a time online to communicate with others face to face in the daily life .
In this case , the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talk .
As for this case , the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talk .
In this incident , the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talk .
In this case , the social media helps people to increase the frequency of talk .
In this case , the social network makes people increase the frequency of talk .
In this case , the social network helps people to enhance the frequency of talk .
For example , if social network does not exist , the business people need to meet each other face to face and it is other time consuming , even sometimes with business that is not so important , it still takes a lot time on travel which is a wastage .
For instance , if social network does not exist , the business people need to meet each other face to face and it is other time consuming , even sometimes with business that is not so important , it still takes a lot time on travel which is a wastage .
For example , if social media does not exist , the business people need to meet each other face to face and it is other time consuming , even sometimes with business that is not so important , it still takes a lot time on travel which is a wastage .
For example , if social network does not come into being , the business people need to meet each other face to face and it is other time consuming , even sometimes with business that is not so important , it still takes a lot time on travel which is a wastage .
For example , if social network does not exist , the business people need to meet each other face to face and it is other time consuming , even sometimes with business that is not so urgent , it still takes a lot time on travel which is a wastage .
For example , if social network does not exist , the business people need to meet each other face to face and it is other time consuming or physically demanding , even sometimes with business that is not so important , it still takes a lot time on travel which is a wastage .
However , social network helps people to meet and chat much more easier , they can even use video chat and create group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time .
Besides , social network helps people to meet and chat much more easier , they can even use video chat and create group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time .
However , social network helps people to meet and communicate much more easier , they can even use video chat and create group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time .
However , using social network helps people to meet and chat much more easier , they can even use video chat and create group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time .
However , social network helps people to meet and chat much more easier , they can even use video chat and create group chat to chat with multiple groups at the same time .
However , social network helps people to meet and chat much more easier , they can even use video and create group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time .
Nowadays , even some companies conduct online video interview with their applicants as it saves time and cost .
These days s , even some companies conduct online video interview with their applicants as it saves time and cost .
Nowadays , even some companies manipulate online video interview with their applicants as it saves time and cost .
Nowadays , even some companies conduct online interview with their applicants as it saves time and cost .
Nowadays , even some companies conduct online video interview with their suppliants as it saves time and cost .
Nowadays , even some companies conduct online video interview with their applicants as it will save time and cost .
The social network may also creat some negative impacts for the people .
The social media may also creat some negative impacts for the people .
The social network may also creat some negative impacts for the people to receive messages .
The social network may also creat some negative repercussions for the people .
The social network may also creat some controversial impacts for the people .
The social network may creat some negative impacts for the people .
The largest negative impact is that due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on internet every minute .
The largest negative impact is that due to the online platform , some people start to use and rely on internet every minute .
The most severe negative impact is that due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on internet every minute .
The largest negative consequence is that due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on internet every minute .
The largest negative impact is that owe to the online network , some people start to use and rely on internet every minute .
The largest negative impact is that due to the online network , some people start to check and rely on internet every minute .
They take too much time of using online social network and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in their real life .
They take too much time of using online social network and thus do not have time to their daily meeting with people in their real life .
They take too much time of using online social network and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with their families in their real life .
They take too much time of seeing online social network and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in their real life .
They waste too much time of using online social network and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in their real life .
They take too much time of using online social network and absolutely do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in their real life .
It not only affect the interpersonal skills but also bad for people 's health if the ones spend to much time on the social media .
It not only affect the interpersonal skills but also not good for people 's health if the ones spend to much time on the social media .
It not only affect the interpersonal skills but also bad for people 's physical condition if the ones spend to much time on the social media .
It not only affect the interpersonal skills but also bad for people 's health if the ones spend to much time all day on the social media .
It will not only affect the interpersonal skills but also bad for people 's health if the ones spend to much time on the social media .
It not only affect the interpersonal dexterities but also bad for people 's health if the ones spend to much time on the social media .
Secondly , social network may leak certain personal informations to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protect their privacy online effectively and sometimes , some people may use others personal information to deceive .
furthermore , social network may leak certain personal informations to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protect their privacy online effectively and sometimes , some people may use others personal information to deceive .
Secondly , social network may squeal certain personal informations to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protect their privacy online effectively and sometimes , some people may use others personal information to deceive .
Secondly , social network may leak certain private informations to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protect their privacy online effectively and sometimes , some people may use others personal information to deceive .
Secondly , social network may leak certain personal informations to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protect their privacy online effectively and sometimes , some people will steal and use others personal information to deceive .
Secondly , social network may leak certain personal informations to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protect their privacy online effectively and ignore the importance , some people may use others personal information to deceive .
In conclusion , although the unsafe online environment , spend too much time on internet may be the potential negative factors of using online social networks .
In summary , although the unsafe online environment , spend too much time on internet may be the potential negative factors of using online social networks .
In conclusion , although the unsafe online environment , spend too much time on social media may be the potential negative factors of using online social networks .
In conclusion , although the unsafe online environment , spend too much time on internet may be the potential risking factors of using online social networks .
In conclusion , although the unsafe online environment , spend too much time on internet may be the potential negative factors of using online networks .
In conclusion , although the perilous online environment , spend too much time on internet may be the potential negative factors of using online social networks .
It provides people with more convenient contact environment and improve the frequency of meeting with each others .
It provides people with more convenient online environment and improve the frequency of meeting with each others .
It provides people with more free contact environment and improve the frequency of meeting with each others .
It provides people with more convenient contact circums and improve the frequency of meeting with each others .
It provides people with more convenient contact environment and improve the commonness of meeting with each others .
It provides people with more convenient contact environment to improve the frequency of meeting with each others .
It also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chating .
It also helps people to extend their interpersonal skills through online chating .
Finally it also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chating .
It also allows people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chating .
It also helps us to develop interpersonal skill online chating .
It also helps people develop skills online chating .
Overall , there are more benefits than the costs .
In this respect , there are more benefits than the costs .
Overall , there are more gains than the costs .
Overall , there are more benefits than the loss .
In a way , there are more benefits than the costs .
Overall , there are more advantages than the disadvantages .
The wolrd is incresingly becoming flat by all kinds of social network website such as facebook and twitter .
The wolrd is incresingly becoming brimming by all kinds of social network website such as facebook and twitter .
The wolrd is incresingly becoming filled to the brim by all kinds of social network website such as facebook and twitter .
The wolrd is incresingly turning to be flat by all kinds of social network website such as facebook and twitter .
The wolrd is incresingly becoming flat by all kinds of social network website and softwares such as facebook and twitter .
The wolrd is incresingly becoming flat by all kinds of social network website such as facebook and twitter , where you can make friends with strangers .
We can even know what a friend who leave thousands of miles away eat for lunch though these kinds of social media .
We can even see what a friend who leave thousands of miles away eat for lunch though these kinds of social media .
We can even know what a friend who leave thousands of miles away eat for dinner though these kinds of social media .
We can even know what a friend or family who leave thousands of miles away eat for lunch though these kinds of social media .
We can even know what a friend who leave thousands of miles away eat for lunch and what he is doing though these kinds of social media .
We can even know what a friend who leave thousands of miles away eat for lunch though these kinds of social media , which is so convenient .
From some points of view , social really has a lot of advantages by let us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently .
From some points of view , social really has a lot of benefits by let us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently .
From some points of view , social really has a lot of advantages by let us interact with friends cheaper and more conveniently .
From some points of view , social really has a lot of advantages by let us communicate with friends and families cheaper and more conveniently .
From some points of view , social really has a lot of advantages by let us communicate with friends cheaper and more frequently .
From some points of view , social really has a lot of advantages by let us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently than before .
However , its disadvantages also can not be ingnored when you cosider it as a platform to show off and a stage for cyber crime .
Nevertheless , its disadvantages also can not be ingnored when you cosider it as a platform to show off and a stage for cyber crime .
However , its opportunity cost also can not be ingnored when you cosider it as a platform to show off and a stage for cyber crime .
However , its disadvantages also can not be ingnored when you cosider it as a place to show off and a stage for cyber crime .
However , its disadvantages also can not be ingnored when you cosider it as a platform to show off and a grey area for cyber crime .
However , its disadvantages also can not be ingnored when you cosider it as a platform to do whatever you like and a stage for cyber crime .
Social network sites provides us many convenience .
Social network sites provides us many convenience and benefits .
In the respect , social network sites provides us many convenience .
Social media sites provides us many convenience .
Social network sites provides us more convenience .
Social network sites provides us many convenience that facilitate our lives .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends through phone , we can know his of her latest news by scaning the webpage .
Without hanging out with families or talking with friends through phone , we can know his of her latest news by scaning the webpage .
Without hanging out with friends or meeting up with friends through phone , we can know his of her latest news by scaning the webpage .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends through phone , we can know his of her latest news and life by scaning the webpage .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends through phone , we can know his of her latest news by scaning the social media websites .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends through phone , we can see his of her latest news by scaning the webpage .
It can help us know more about each other .
It can help us understand more about each other .
It can help us know more about each other like what's their favorite sports .
It can make us know more about each other .
It can help us know more information about each other .
It can help us know more about strangers .
It can make people become closer as well .
It can make people become more intimate as well .
It can make complete strangers become closer as well .
It can make people feel closer as well .
It can make people who are just common friends become closer as well .
It can make people become closer as well by several ways .
For example , if you find out one of your friend 's favourite singer is Justin Biber through facebook , you can give him or her Justin Biber 's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift .
For perspective , if you find out one of your friend 's favourite singer is Justin Biber through facebook , you can give him or her Justin Biber 's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift .
For example , if you find out one of your friend 's favourite singer is Justin Biber through facebook or Instgram , you can give him or her Justin Biber 's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift .
For example , if you find out one of your friend 's favourite singer is Justin Biber through facebook , you can give him or her Justin Biber 's new album or concert ticket as a surprising gift .
For example , if you find out one of your friend 's favourite singer is Justin Biber through facebook , you can give him or her Justin Biber 's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift to give him or her a surprise .
For example , if you think out one of your friend 's favourite singer is Justin Biber through facebook , you can give him or her Justin Biber 's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift .
It will be really sweet and you two will surelly become closer .
It will be very sweet and you two will surelly become closer .
It will be really sweet and you two will surelly get closer .
It will be really sweet and you and your partner will surelly become closer .
I think it will be really sweet and you two will surelly become closer .
It will be really sweet and your boyfriend will surelly give his heart to you .
In addition , social network site can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away .
Moreover , social network site can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away .
In addition , social network site can help you stay in touch with friends living very far away .
In addition , social network site can help you keep in touch with friends who live very far away .
In addition , social network site can help you keep in touch with old friends living very far away .
Social network site can also help you keep in touch with friends living very far away .
I met some canadian friends in Egypt .
I met a canadian friend in Egypt .
I met some canadian musicians in Egypt .
I ate some canadian food in Egypt .
I met some canadian friends in Paraguay .
I met some canadian friends on a flight .
Without facebook , we may lost contact .
Without instagram , we may lost contact .
Without facebook , we might lost contact .
Without facebook , we may been strangers .
Without facebook , we may not remained in touch .
Without facebook , they may lost contact .
However , thanks to facebook , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they are doing recently as we living close to each other .
Whereas , thanks to facebook , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they are doing recently as we living close to each other .
However , thanks to facebook , I can still stay in touch with them and I know what they are doing recently as we living close to each other .
However , with facebook , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they are doing recently as we living close to each other .
However , thanks to facebook , I can still keep in touch with my friends and I know what they are doing recently as we living close to each other .
However , thanks to facebook , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they are doing recently as we living very to each other .
The disadvantages of social network media are quite undeniable .
The drawbacks of social network media are quite undeniable .
The disadvantages of social network media are quite unavoidable .
The disadvantages of social network media still exist .
The disadvantages of social network media are really undeniable .
The advantages of social network media are numerous .
A research shows that people will unconsciously hide his or her real thought when he or her say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
A report shows that people will unconsciously hide his or her real thought when he or her say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
A research suggests that people will unconsciously hide his or her real thought when he or her say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
A research shows that people will unconsciously hide his or her real thought when he or her say or post something that will be disclosed to the public .
A research shows that people will unconsciously conceal his or her real thought when he or her say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
A research shows that people will unconsciously hide his or her real thought when he or her post something that will be exposed to the public .
It means that one can not know another 's real thought and personalities by reading things that he or she put on social network media .
It implies that one can not know another 's real thought and personalities by reading things that he or she put on social network media .
It means that one may not know another 's real thought and personalities by reading things that he or she put on social network media .
It means that one is unable to know another 's real thought and personalities by reading things that he or she put on social network media .
It means that one person can not know another 's real thought and personalities by reading things that he or she put on social network media .
It means that one can not know another 's inner thought and personalities by reading things that he or she put on social network media .
It will make him or her quite upset when they communicate in real life .
It will make him or her quite disappointed when they communicate in real life .
It will make him or her very upset when they communicate in real life .
It will make him or her quite upset when they interact in real life .
It will make him or her quite upset when they communicate in reality .
It will make him or her quite upset when they try to communicate in real life .
In addition , with all those " nice " guys around on the social network website , one may neglect people surrounding him or her but just communicate with friends on facebook .
Moreover , with all those " nice " guys around on the social network website , one may neglect people surrounding him or her but just communicate with friends on facebook .
In addition , with all those " nice " guys around on the social network website , one can neglect people surrounding him or her but just communicate with friends on facebook .
In addition , with all those " nice " guys around on the social network website , one may neglect people surrounding him or her but just interact with friends on facebook .
In addition , with all those " nice " guys around on the social network website , one may neglect people in real life but just communicate with friends on facebook .
In addition , with all those " nice " guys around on the social network website , one may neglect people surrounding him or her but just play with friends on facebook .
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cellphone .
It is a common scene that people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cellphone .
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom communicate with each other but just look at their cellphone .
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look down at their cellphone .
It is a normal scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cellphone .
It is a common occasion that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cellphone .
This kind of behaviour is not good to people 's psychological health according to a research .
This kind of behaviour is good to people 's psychological health according to a research .
This kind of behaviour is not good to people 's psychological condition according to a research .
This kind of behaviour is not good to people 's physical health according to a research .
This kind of behaviour is not good to people 's psychological health according to a research es .
This kind of behaviour is not bad to people 's psychological health according to a research .
The cyber communication is quite different to face to face communication and people who depends on cyber communication too much will not get used to the real life communication .
The cyber communication is different to face to face communication and people who depends on cyber communication too much will not get used to the real life communication .
The cyber communication is quite different to face to face communication and people who depends on cyber communication too much will not be used to the real life communication .
The cyber communication is much different to face to face communication and people who depends on cyber communication too much will not get used to the real life communication .
The cyber communication is quite different to face to face communication and people who depends on cyber communication too much will not get used to the actual life communication .
The cyber communication is quite different to face to face communication and those who depends on cyber communication too much will not get used to the real life communication .
In addition , cyber relationship can not always work in real life .
In addition , cyber relationship can not always work in actual life .
In addition , cyber relationship can not always succeed in real life .
In addition , network relationship can not always work in real life .
In addition , cyber relationship can not work in real life .
In addition , cyber relationship can not always work in a real life .
With no close relationship in real life but only close cyber friends , one is more possibly to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others by our five senses .
With no close relationship in actual life but only close cyber friends , one is more possibly to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others by our five senses .
With no close relationship in real life but only close online friends , one is more possibly to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others by our five senses .
With no close relationship in real life but only close cyber friends , one is more possibly to feel unhappy because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others by our five senses .
With no close relationship in real life but only close cyber friends , one is more possibly to feel lonely since the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others by our five senses .
With no close relationship in real life but only close cyber friends , one is more possibly to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the connection with others by our five senses .
With the willing of people to become the best among others , social network site now become a place to show off .
With the willing of people to become the best among other people , social network site now become a place to show off .
With the willing of people to become the best among others , social network site now become a place to show off themselves .
With the willing of people to become the best among others , social network site now turn into a place to show off .
With the willing of people to become the best among others , social network ing site now become a place to show off .
With the willing of people to become the best among others , social network site become a place to show off .
Some people will to post their expensive thing or the oversea places of interest they have been on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
Some people to post their expensive thing or the oversea places of interest they have been on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
Some people will to post their pricy thing or the oversea places of interest they have been on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
Some people will to post their high-priced thing or the oversea places of interest they have been on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
Many people will to post their expensive thing or the oversea places of interest they have been on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
Some people will to post their luxurious thing or the oversea places of interest they have been on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
It is a mental unhealth and it may trigger people especially teenagers to become material .
It is a mental unhealth and it can trigger people especially teenagers to become material .
It is a mental unhealth and it might trigger people especially teenagers to become material .
It is a mental unhealth and it may cause people especially teenagers to become material .
It is a mental unhealth and it may trigger people especially young people to become material .
It is a mental unhealth and it may trigger people especially teenagers to be material .
The last but not the least , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social network page , it is covenient for criminal to make use of this information to commit a crime .
The last but not the least , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social network page , it is easy for criminal to make use of this information to commit a crime .
The last but not the least , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social network page , it is possible for criminal to make use of this information to commit a crime .
The last but not the least , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social network page , it is covenient for criminal to make use of these information to commit a crime .
The last but not the least , with all kinds of private information on one 's social network page , it is covenient for criminal to make use of this information to commit a crime .
The last but not the least , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social network site , it is covenient for criminal to make use of this information to commit a crime .
Above all , social network site is like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it such as put less personal information on his or her facebook page .
Above all , social network site is like a two sided knife and people can only take advantage of it by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it such as put less personal information on his or her facebook page .
Above all , social network site is like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by avoiding the disadvantages of it such as put less personal information on his or her facebook page .
Above all , social network site is like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it such as put less private information on his or her facebook page .
Above all , social network site is like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by minimizing the possible disadvantages of it such as put less personal information on his or her facebook page .
Above all , social network site is like a two sided sword and people can only take good advantage of it by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it such as put less personal information on his or her facebook page .
The modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
The methods of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
The traditional modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
The modes of communication have been altering over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
Actually , the modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
The modes of communication have been changing in recent years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication to be faster than never before .
This phenomenon is caused by sharply changing technology , which has made communication to be faster than never before .
This problem is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication to be faster than never before .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made interaction to be faster than never before .
This phenomenon is brought on by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication to be faster than never before .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing policy , which has made communication to be faster than never before .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within the contemporary society ; and , people can communicate with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
Nowadays , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within the contemporary society ; and , people can communicate with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are very common within the contemporary society ; and , people can communicate with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within the contemporary society ; and , people can interact with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within the contemporary society ; and , users can communicate with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within the contemporary Britain ; and , people can communicate with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
They can even make new friends over similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world .
They can make new friends over similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world .
They can even make new friends over similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many areas of the world .
They can even meet new friends over similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world .
They can even make new friends over same interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world .
They can even make new friends over similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect everyone closely in many parts of the world .
However , critics may argue that with the existence of social media sites have reduced physical human interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
However , critics may assert that with the existence of social media sites have reduced physical human interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
However , critics may argue that with social media sites have reduced physical human interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
However , critics may argue that with the existence of social media sites have decreased physical human interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
However , critics may argue that with the existence of social media sites have reduced physical human interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and making new friends .
However , critics may argue that with the existence of social media sites have reduced communication among people as they will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
This essay will discuss about both the benefits and down sides of using social media in the contemporary society .
This article will discuss about both the benefits and down sides of using social media in the contemporary society .
This essay will discuss about both the advantages and down sides of using social media in the contemporary society .
This essay will discuss about both the benefits and drawbacks of using social media in the contemporary society .
This essay will discuss about both the benefits and down sides of using social media in modern society .
This essay will discuss about both the benefits and down sides of social media use in the contemporary society .
Nowadays , social media are able to disseminate information faster than any other media .
Today , social media are able to disseminate information faster than any other media .
Nowadays , social media can disseminate information faster than any other media .
Nowadays , social media are able to spread information faster than any other media .
Nowadays , social media are able to disseminate information more quickly than any other media .
Social media are able to disseminate information faster than any other media .
There are about 50 % of the people who have learnt about breaking news from social media .
There are about 50 % of the people who have learnt about Japanese culture from social media .
There are nearly 50 % of the people who have learnt about breaking news from social media .
There are about 50 % of the young people who have learnt about breaking news from social media .
There are about 50 % of the people who have learnt about breaking news in school .
There are also about 50 % of the people who have learnt about breaking news from social media .
This is due to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time on reading newpapers .
This is due to people spending considerably more time on social networking than time on reading newpapers .
This is because of people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time on reading newpapers .
Actually , this is due to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time on reading newpapers .
This is due to people spending comparatively more time on writing articles than time on reading newpapers .
This is due to young people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time on reading newpapers .
Furthermore , with the current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made easier for consumers to use .
Furthermore , with the improvement of technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made easier for consumers to use .
Moreover , with the current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made easier for consumers to use .
Furthermore , with the current technology , cellphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made easier for consumers to use .
Furthermore , with the current technology , smartphones can get access to social media sites which have made easier for consumers to use .
Furthermore , with the current technology , smartphones are able to have access to social media sites which have made easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediate to the people around them .
Therefore , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediate to the people around them .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by providing them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediate to the people around them .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to spread information almost immediate to the people around them .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediate to those around them .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool which is able to disseminate information almost immediate to the people around them .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated are reliable .
However , critics may contend that not all information or news disseminated are reliable .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news spread are reliable .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news that is disseminated are reliable .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated are solid .
However , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated are substantive and authentic .
There might be false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media .
There might be misinformation or hoaxes spreading around on social media .
There might be false information or scams spreading around on social media .
What spreads on social media might be false information or hoaxes .
There might exist false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media .
There might be false information or rumors spreading around on social media .
For example , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
For instance , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
For example , in 2012 , there were false information of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
For example , in 2012 , false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
For example , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had quickly spread through Twitter and Facebook .
For example , in 2012 , there existed false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
This had caused panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this had resulted temporarily closed of schools .
This had sparked off panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this had resulted temporarily closed of schools .
This had aroused panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this had resulted temporarily closed of schools .
This had caused considerable alarm among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this had resulted temporarily closed of schools .
This had caused panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , which had resulted temporarily closed of schools .
This had caused panic among the people who had made numerous calls to the local police department , and this had resulted temporarily closed of schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information in a realtively fast speed .
The spreading of false information can pose a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information in a realtively fast speed .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , in view of the fact that social media can disseminate information in a realtively fast speed .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , considering that social media can disseminate information in a realtively fast speed .
The spreading of false information is able to be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information in a realtively fast speed .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can spread information in a realtively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber polices who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
However , there are cyber polices who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
Nevertheless , there are cyber polices roam ing around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
Nevertheless , there are cyber polices who loiter around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
Nevertheless , there are cyber polices who roam around these social networking platforms in order to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
Nevertheless , there are cyber polices who roam around these social networking platforms to stop these hoaxes from spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to control almost every social networking movement .
But , there will still be unreliable sources that spread false information on social media sites despite high security to control almost every social networking movement .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites even though high security to control almost every social networking movement .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite a degree of high security to control almost every social networking movement .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to control almost every social networking activity .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites in spite of high security to control almost every social networking movement .
Social media are able to improve relationship and make new friends , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Social media are conducive to improving relationship and making new friends , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Social media are able to strengthen relationship and make new friends , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Social media are able to improve relationship and make new friends , as long as there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Social media are able to improve relationship and make new friends , on condition that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Social media can help improve relationship and make new friends , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties .
Many of the teenagers today claimed that they were able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .
Nowadays, many of the teenagers claimed that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .
Many of the teenagers today claimed that they were able to remain in touch with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .
Many of the teenagers today claimed that they were able to keep in contact with their friends through social media , regardless of their location .
Many of the teenagers today claimed that they were able to keep in touch with their friends and families through social media , regardless of their location .
Many of the teenagers today claimed that they were able to keep in touch with their friends through social media no matter where they are .
In the past , people used to writing letters to their friends and it will take relatively long time to send the letter over .
In the past time , people used to writing letters to their friends and it will take relatively long time to send the letter over .
In the past , people used to writing letters to their families and it will take relatively long time to send the letter over .
In the past , people used to writing missives to their friends and it will take relatively long time to send the letter over .
In the past , people used to writing letters to their friends and it will take long time to send the letter over .
In the past , people used to writing letters to their friends and it will consume relatively long time to send the letter over .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up wth each other conveniently .
As a consequence , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up wth each other conveniently .
Therefore , with the development of technology , people are able to catch up wth each other conveniently .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are qualified to catch up wth each other conveniently .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up wth each pioneer conveniently .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up wth each other more easily than before .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends find who have similar interests or hobbies .
, it will be easier to make new friends find who have similar interests or hobbies .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new companions find who have similar interests or hobbies .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends find who have similar secrets or hobbies .
Furthermore , it will be straightforward to make new friends find who have similar interests or hobbies .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends find who have similar interests or to talk with .
However , in order for people to maintain their relationship as well as making new friends , it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
Nevertheless , in order for people to maintain their relationship as well as making new friends , it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
However , in order for people to uphold their relationship as well as making new friends , it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
However , in order for people to maintain their relationship as well as making new buddies , it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
However , in order for people to maintain their relationship as well as making new friends , it mandates mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
However , in order for people to maintain their relationship as well as making new friends , it requires mutual trust , communication and understanding between both parties .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
It might not be authentic to judge the other party 's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's thoughts over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over mass media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over social media as one may shield up their emotions while on social media .
It might not be accurate to the other party 's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
In addition , there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each other as they can not sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms .
In extra , there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each other as they can not sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms .
In addition , there are also probabilities for people to miscommunicate with each other as they can not sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms .
In addition , there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each pal as they can not sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms .
In addition , there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each other so that they can not sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms .
In addition , there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each other as they can not sense the tone of the other party over social media communication .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over miscommunication .
This will bring in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over miscommunication .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over failed communication .
This will result in unwarranted conflicts between two parties over miscommunication .
This will result in unnecessary hostility and friction between two parties over miscommunication .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two detachments over miscommunication .
But , if there is trust and mutual understanding on social media , it will be ideal for people to improve relationship and make new friends .
But , if there is trust and mutual understanding on social communication , it will be ideal for people to improve relationship and make new friends .
But , if there is trust and mutual understanding on social media , it will be beneficial to improve relationship and make new friends .
But , if there is trust and mutual understand on social media , it will be ideal for strangers to improve relationship and make new friends .
But , if there is trust and mutual understand on social media , it will be ideal for people to reinforce relationship and make new friends .
But , if there is trust and mutual understand on social media , it will be ideal for people to improve relationship and make new friends on the net .
In conclusion , social media in the contemporary society is able to help one improve relationship and make new friends , as well as , disseminate information efficiently to the masses .
In ending , social media in the contemporary society is able to help one improve relationship and make new friends , as well as , disseminate information efficiently to the masses .
In conclusion , social interaction in the contemporary society is able to help one improve relationship and make new friends , as well as , disseminate information efficiently to the masses .
In conclusion , social media in the contemporary community is able to help one improve relationship and make new friends , as well as , disseminate information efficiently to the masses .
In conclusion , social media in the contemporary society is able to help one improve relationship and make new friends , as well as , disseminate information efficiently to the abundance .
In conclusion , social media in the contemporary society is able to help one improve relationship and make new friends , as well as , disseminate epistemology efficiently to the masses .
However , there are risks of false information and chances of miscommunication .
Regardless , there are risks of false information and chances of miscommunication .
However , there are gambles of false information and chances of miscommunication .
However , there are risks of conspiring information and chances of miscommunication .
However , there are risks of false reports and chances of miscommunication .
However , there are risks of false information and chances of misinterpretation .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will be beneficial to the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of .
But in fact , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be prudently taken care of .
Nevertheless , the merits of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the disadvantageous aspects of it can be carefully taken care of .
All-in-all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in future .
Generally speaking , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in future .
All-in-all , social media is the product of rapid technological development and there are more to come in future .
All-in-all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in the coming days .
All-in-all , social media is the output of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in future .
All-in-all , social media is the product of prompt technological advancement and there are more to come in future .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly ease long distance communication and interaction due to its accessibility and convenience .
Advantages : Social media sites have extremely ease long distance communication and interaction due to its accessibility and convenience .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly ease long remove communication and interaction due to its accessibility and convenience .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly ease long distance communication due to its accessibility and convenience .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly ease long distance communication and interaction because of its accessibility and convenience .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly ease long distance communication and interaction due to its approachability and convenience .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interaction .
As the rusult of a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interaction .
With a globalised world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interaction .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and other social media sites are now the mainstream platform for social interaction .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social communication .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interaction even people are far from each other .
With just a touch away from any media/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
With just a touch away from any media/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without many nuisances .
Just toughcing any media/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
With just a touch away from mobile phones or other media/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
With just a touch away from any media/electronic devices , one can easily interact with his friends without much hassle .
With just a touch away from any media/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his family members without much hassle .
Thus , long distance relationship or friendship can be maintain and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
As a result , long distance relationship or friendship can be maintain and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
Thus , long distance relationship or friendship can be maintain and keeping in touch with your friends has been made much easier .
Thus , long distance relationship or friendship can be maintain and maintaining in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
Thus , long distance relationship or friendship can be maintain and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much more achievable .
Thus , long distance relationship or friendship can be maintain and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has become much easier .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of the status of one 's personal feeling or experience and able to reply to these posts allowed human interaction to be engage and expand with ease .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of the status of one 's personal feeling and able to reply to these posts allowed human interaction to be engage and expand with ease .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of the status of one 's personal feeling or experience and able to reply to these posts allowed human interaction to be engage and expand in a breeze .
By sharing personal photos , posting status of one 's personal feeling or experience and having able to reply to these posts allowed human interaction to be engage and expand with ease .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of status of one 's personal feeling or experience and able to make comments on these posts allowed human interaction to be engage and expand with ease .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of status of one 's personal feeling or experience and able to reply to these posts allowed human communication to be engage and expand with ease .
Introverts or those who are shy to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platform .
Those who are shy to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platform .
Introverts or those who are shy to communicate with their friends by face-to-face talking are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platform .
Introverts or those who are shy to communicate with other people are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platform .
Introverts or those who are too shy to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platform .
Introverts or those who are shy to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of words by way of social media platform .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
As a result , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another , which makes human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with each other , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.Meet-ups and appointments are no t a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another any more , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier that prevents humans from contact ing and communicating with one another , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
The society will adapt to such phenomenon as physical interaction are transformed into cyber interaction .
The society will adjust to such phenomenon as physical interaction are transformed into cyber interaction .
The society will adapt to such phenomenon as interaction in real life are transformed into interaction on the Internet .
The society will adapt to such phenomenon as physical interaction are changed to cyber interaction .
The society will adapt to such phenomenon as physical interaction are replaced by cyber interaction .
The society is going to adapt to such phenomenon as physical interaction are transformed into cyber interaction .
With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .
With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the increasingly connected world .
With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the network , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .
With the usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .
With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the network will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .
With the frequent use and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .
This will greatly help a society to progress rapidly .
It will greatly help a society to progress rapidly .
This will help a society to progress rapidly .
This will greatly help a society to develop rapidly .
This will greatly help a society to progress quickly .
This will drastically help a society to progress rapidly .
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns of using social media platform to communicate is credibility .
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns of using social media platform to communicate is reliability .
Disadvantages : One of the major concerns of using social media platform to communicate is credibility .
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns of using social media platform to interact is credibility .
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns of choosing social media platform to communicate is credibility .
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns of using social media platform to communicate is security .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proven physically as media limits this physical interaction , except when using a webcam to chat .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proven physically as media limits this physical interaction , except when using a webcam to communicate .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proven physically as media limits this physical interaction , except when using a webcam to interact .
The certainty of what is being shared or conveyed could not be proven physically as media limits this physical interaction , except when using a webcam to chat .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proven physically as media limits this physical interaction , except when using a digital camera to chat .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proven physically as media limits this physical communication , except when using a webcam to chat .
We can not be certain for sure the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we received through the Inetrnet .
We can not be sure for sure the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we received through the Inetrnet .
We can not be certain for sure the credibility or truth of some posts or information we received through the Inetrnet .
We can not be certain for sure the reliabilty or truth of some posts or message we received through the Inetrnet .
We can not be certain for sure the reliabilty or truth of posts or information we received through the Inetrnet .
We can not be certain for sure the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we got through the Inetrnet .
We may in actual fact communicating with a hoax Facebook acccount of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real but in reality , it is a fake account .
We might in actual fact communicating with a hoax Facebook acccount of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real but in reality , it is a fake account .
We may in actual fact interacting with a hoax Facebook acccount of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real but in reality , it is a fake account .
We may in actual fact communicating with a hoax Facebook acccount of a online friend , which we assume to be real but in reality , it is a fake account .
We may in actual fact communicating with a hoax Facebook acccount of a net friend , which we assume to be real but in reality , it is a fake account .
We may in actual fact communicating with a hoax Facebook acccount of a cyber friend , which we presume to be real but in reality , it is a fake account .
Photos and informations retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
Photos and informations acquired from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
Photos and informations got from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
Photos and informations retrieved from their profile page may be made up to suit certain personal agenda .
Photos and informations retrieved from their profile page s may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
Images and informations retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricts actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human interaction through social media restricts actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human communication through social media restricts actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media confines actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media limits actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricts real interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Although emocons can be used to show certain emotion , this differs from the real authentic emotion of your friends when you observed them through their body language and their facial expression .
Though emocons can be used to show certain emotion , this differs from the real authentic emotion of your friends when you observed them through their body language and their facial expression .
Although emocons can be used to show certain emotion , this varies from the real authentic emotion of your friends when you observed them through their body language and their facial expression .
Although emocons can be used to show certain emotion , this differs from the actual authentic emotion of your friends when you observed them through their body language and their facial expression .
Although emocons can be used to reveal certain emotion , this differs from the real authentic emotion of your friends when you observed them through their body language and their facial expression .
Although emocons can be used to show certain emotion , this differs from the authentic emotion of your friends when you observed them through their body language and their facial expression .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interaction .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to dearth of physical interaction .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such interaction due to lack of physical interaction .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of actual interaction .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of real interaction .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical communication .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has affected human inter-personal behaviour since communication is made through social media instead of meet-ups .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has influenced human inter-personal behaviour since communication is made through social media instead of meet-ups .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has impacted human inter-personal behaviour since communication is made through social media instead of meet-ups .
Furthermore , this lack of actual interaction has affected human inter-personal behaviour since communication is made through social media instead of meet-ups .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has affected human inter-personal behaviour because communication is made through social media instead of meet-ups .
Furthermore , this lack of real interaction has affected human inter-personal behaviour since communication is made through social media instead of meet-ups .
This lowers the experience of human ability to interact with one another which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
This lowers the experience of human ability to communicate with one another which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
This lowers the experience of human ability to get along with one another which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
This lowers the experience of ability to interact with one another which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
This weakens the experience of human ability to interact with one another which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
It lowers the experience of human ability to interact with one another which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans with not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
The lack of exposure to actual life interaction with humans with not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans with not develop the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans with not create the confidence and skills required for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans with not create the confidence and skills needed for one to communicate seamlessly and effectively with others .
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with people with not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
Therefore , for an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of both social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction within its people .
Hence , for an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of both social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction within its people .
Thus , for an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of both social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction within its people .
Therefore , for an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of both social media interaction and face-to-face interaction within its people .
Therefore , for an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of both social media communication and face-to-face human interaction within its people .
Therefore , for an effectual and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of both social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction within its people .
Nowadays , people can even use their phone to read news and everyone can be the first witnesses of what is happening in the world .
Nowadays , people can even use their phone to read news and everyone can be the first witnesses of what is happening in the society .
Nowadays , people can use their mobile phone to read news and everyone can be the first witnesses of what is happening in the world .
Nowadays , people can use their phone to read news and everyone can be the first witnesses of what is happening in the world .
Nowadays , people can even use their phone to read news and everyone can be the first observer of what is happening in the world .
Nowadays , people can even use their phone to read news and everyone can be the first beholder of what is happening in the world .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what is their friends ' recent activity .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they like and Facebook to see what is their friends ' recent activity .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to know what is their friends ' recent activity .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or star they love and Facebook to see what is their friends ' recent activity .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what is their friends ' latest activity .
People use Twitter to follow the actors or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what is their friends ' recent activity .
Nevertheless , they still can use phone to do normal call and message to contact .
Nevertheless , they still can use mobile phone to do normal call and message to contact .
However , they still can use phone to do normal call and message to contact .
Nevertheless , people still can use phone to do normal call and message to contact .
Nevertheless , they still can use phone to do normal call and message to communicate .
Nevertheless , they still can use phone to do normal call and message to socialize .
Not only the phone did the jobs for them , but also devices like personal computer , laptop , tablet , and many other devices which are able to connect to internet .
Not only the phone did the jobs for them , but also devices like personal computer , laptop , tablet , and many other facilities which are able to connect to internet .
Not only the phone did the jobs for them , but also devices like personal computer , laptop , tablet , and many other equipments which are able to connect to internet .
Not only the phone did the jobs for them , but also devices like personal computer , laptop , tablet , and many other devices which are able to link to internet .
Not only the phone did the jobs for them , but also devices like personal computer , laptop , tablet , and many other devices which are able to connect to net .
Not only the phone did the jobs for them , but also devices such as personal computer , laptop , tablet , and many other devices which are able to connect to internet .
It is obvious to see that internet saves people 's time and also connect people globally .
It is obvious to see that internet saves people 's time and also connect people .
It is easy to see that internet saves people 's time and also connect people globally .
It is not difficult to see that internet saves people 's time and also connect people globally .
It is obvious to see that internet saves people 's time and also connect people worldwide .
It is obvious to see that internet saves people 's time and also connect people in the whole world .
Several arguments have been made regarding the social media actually have some inevitable disadvantages to people .
Several arguments have been made regarding the social media actually have some inevitable disadvantages to human beings .
Several arguments have been made regarding the social media actually have some inevitable disadvantages to human .
Several arguments have been made concerning the social media actually have some inevitable disadvantages to people .
Some arguments have been made regarding the social media actually have some inevitable disadvantages to people .
Several arguments have been made regarding the social media actually have inevitable disadvantages to people .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
Firstly , people have lost the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
Firstly , they have lost the confidence to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk with them .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet other people , not even the courage to talk .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet new people , not even the courage to talk .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in face and not be trained in their conversation skills .
Also , they will not have enough experience to interact with people in face and not be trained in their conversation skills .
Also , they will not have sufficient experience to communicate with people in face and not be trained in their conversation skills .
Also , they will not have abundant experience to communicate with people in face and not be trained in their conversation skills .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in face and not be trained in their communication skills .
Also , they will not have adequate experience to communicate with people in face and not be trained in their conversation skills .
As a result , social media helps them do the jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
As a result , social media helps them do the jobs but greatly affects their interpersonal skills .
As a result , social media helps them do the jobs but largely affects their interpersonal skills .
As a result , social media helps them do the work but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
As a result , social media helps them do the jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal competence .
As a result , social media helps them do the jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal abilities .
Social media does have some other advantages beside their general benefits to human being .
Social media does have other advantages beside their general benefits to human being .
Social media have some other advantages beside their general benefits to human being .
Social media does have some other advantages except their general benefits to human being .
Social media do have some other advantages beside their general benefits to human being .
Social media does have some other advantages beside their general advantages to human being .
First of all , people saves money by using internet to contact other people and reading news .
First of all , people saves money by using internet to connect with other people and reading news .
First of all , people saves money by using internet to interact with other people and reading news .
First of all , a lot of people saves money by using internet to contact other people and reading news .
First of all , people saves money by using internet to contact friends and reading news .
First of all , people saves money by using internet to contact other people and reading books .
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in other country via socia media software instead of making international call which costs a lot to normal salary family .
A mother may be able to make a call to her daughter who is in other country via socia media software instead of making international call which costs a lot to normal salary family .
A father may be able to make a call to his son who is in other country via socia media software instead of making international call which costs a lot to normal salary family .
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in other country via socia media software rather than making international call which costs a lot to normal salary family .
A father may be able to make a phone call to his daughter who is in other country via socia media software instead of making international call which costs a lot to normal salary family .
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in other country via socia media software instead of making international call which costs a lot to ordinary salary family .
He can even talk to her daughter face-to-face using video call via internet .
He can even talk to her son face-to-face using video call via internet .
He can even speak to her daughter face-to-face using video call via internet .
He can even talk to her daughter face-to-face using video call via network .
He can talk to her daughter face-to-face using video call via internet .
He can even talk to her daughter face-to-face using video call via social media .
Secondly , people makes friends all over the world and able to update their friends his recent activity easily .
Secondly , they makes friends all over the world and able to update their friends his recent activity easily .
Secondly , human makes friends all the world and able to update their friends his recent activity easily .
Secondly , people makes friends around the world and able to update their friends his recent activity easily .
Secondly , people makes friends globally and able to update their friends his recent activity easily .
Secondly , people makes friends all over the world and able to update their friends his recent activity quickly .
A guy who is going travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
A guy who is going travel for days can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
A guy who is going travel for years can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
A guy who is going travel for months can tell all of his friends about his activity .
A person who is going travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
A guy who is going travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his experience .
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone calls , he might be able to get his whereabout using social media .
When one of his family members who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone calls , he might be able to get his whereabout using social media .
When one of his friends who is un aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone calls , he might be able to get his whereabout using social media .
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via phone calls , he might be able to get his whereabout using social media .
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone calls , he might be able to get his whereabout using social meida software .
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via video calls , he might be able to get his whereabout using social media .
These are the advantages that save works most of the time .
These are the effective advantages that save works most of the time .
These are the miracles that save works most of the time .
These are the impediments that save works most of the time .
These result in the advantages that save works most of the time .
These are the advantages that save works most of the duration .
In conclude , socia media benefits people in several ways but in the same time harms people .
In conclude , colonial media benefits people in several ways but in the same time harms people .
In conclude , socia media satisfies people in several ways but in the same time harms people .
In conclude , socia media benefits people in several ways but in the same time harms individuals' thoughts and actions .
In conclude , socia media benefits people in several ways but in the identical time harms people .
In conclude , socia media benefits people in several ways but in the same time harms interpersonal communication .
People should avoid the misuse of socia media and use it in the proper way .
People should sidestep the misuse of socia media and use it in the proper way .
People should avoid the misusage of socia media and use it in the proper way .
People should avoid the leakage of socia media and use it in the proper way .
People should avoid the misuse of socia accounts information and use it in the proper way .
People should avoid the misuse of socia media and use it in the appropriate way .
With the aids of social media , people bonds globally , information flows rapidly , and human lives happily .
With the aids of social media , people bonds globally , information flows rapidly , and human exists happily .
With the aids of social media , people bonds globally , information flows rapidly , and human lives cheerfully .
With the aids of social media , people bonds globally , information flows rapidly , and human lives harder than before .
With the aids of social media , people bonds globally , digital cash flows rapidly , and human lives happily .
With the aids of social media , people bonds globally , information flows with a faster speed , and human lives happily .
All of us are living in the technology realm society .
All of us are living in the fantasy realm society .
All of us are living in the technology realm of association .
some of us are living in the technology realm society .
All of us exist living in the technology realm society .
Actually, all of us are living in the technology realm society .
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
Have you ever reckoned why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
Have you ever been wondering why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
Have you ever wondered why we apply these tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to talk ourselves with other people ?
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people with whom we are unfamiliar ?
It started withthe invention of technology which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
It started withthe the fabrication of technology which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
It started withthe invention of measurement which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
It started withthe invention of technology which has matured tremendously over the past few decades .
It started withthe invention of technology which has evolved exceedingly over the past few decades .
It started withthe invention of technology which has evolved tremendously over the past few dozen years .
In the past , we travel by ship and now we can use airplane to do so .
In the yore , we travel by ship and now we can use airplane to do so .
In the past , we travel by yacht and now we can use airplane to do so .
In the past , we travel by ship and now we can take airplane to do so .
In the past , we travel by ship and currently we can use airplane to do so .
In the past , we travel by ship and now we can use aeroplanes to do so .
In the past , it took a few days to receive a message as we need to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail which stands for electronic message to send messages to our friends or even use our handphone to send our messages .
In the former times , it took a few days to receive a message as we need to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail which stands for electronic message to send messages to our friends or even use our handphone to send our messages .
In the past , it carried a few days to receive a message as we need to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail which stands for electronic message to send messages to our friends or even use our handphone to send our messages .
In the past , it took a few daytimes to receive a message as we need to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail which stands for electronic message to send messages to our friends or even use our handphone to send our messages .
In the past , it took a few days to receive a message as we need to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail which stands for electronic message to send messages to our chums or even use our handphone to send our messages .
In the past , it took a few days to receive a message as we need to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail which stands for electronic message to send messages to our friends or even use our handphone or laptop to send our messages .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier we can see that distance between us and our loved one are getting further apart .
From the example that I have cited earlier we can see that distance between us and our loved one are getting further apart .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier we can see that span between us and our loved one are getting further apart .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier we can see that distance between us and our treasured one are getting further apart .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier we can see that distance between us and our competing one are getting further apart .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier we can see that distance between us and our loved one are fetching further apart .
This is because by the ease of technology such as airplane , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even you are away from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life .
This is because by the convenience of technology such as airplane , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even you are away from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life .
This is because by the ease of technology such as airplane , some of our friends might plan to go overseas to continue their studies or even you are away from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life .
This is because by the ease of technology such as airplane , some of our friends might be going abroad to continue their studies or even you are away from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life .
This is because by the ease of technology such as airplane , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even you leave away from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life .
This is because by the ease of technology such as airplane , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even you are away from your family to get further studies or even careers in life .
Thus , this makes Twitter and Facebook become one of the medium that we need .
As a result , this makes Twitter and Facebook become one of the medium that we need .
Thus , Twitter and Facebook become one of the medium that we need .
Thus , this makes QQ and wetchat become one of the medium that we need .
Thus , this is what that makes Twitter and Facebook become one of the medium that we need .
Thus , this makes Twitter and Facebook become one of the medium that people need .
Nevertheless,everything in life has positive and negative effects .
However,everything in life has positive and negative effects .
Nevertheless,everything on the Internet has positive and negative effects .
Nevertheless,everything in life has advantageous and disavantageous effects .
Nevertheless,everything in life has positive and negative aspects .
Nevertheless,everything in life two sides, positive and negative effects .
This is applicable to these social media sites .
This is applicative to these social media sites .
This is applicable to these social media sites , such as Facebook. .
This is applicable to these social media sites that people always log in. .
This is applicable to Facebook and Twitter .
This is suitable to these social media sites .
The next two paragraphs will be discussing about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society .
The next two articles will be discussing about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society .
The next two paragraphs will discuss about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society .
The following two paragraphs will be discussing about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society .
The next two paragraphs will be discussing about the positive and negative aspects of using social media in our society .
The next two paragraphs will be discussing about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our life and work .
With the help of social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are away from them .
With the help of social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are in the remote places .
By using social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are away from them .
With the help of social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even if we are away from them .
With the help of social media tools , we can communicate and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are away from them .
With the help of social media , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are away from them .
Social media sites such as Facebook has allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
Social mapplicative such as Facebook has allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
Social media sites such as Facebook [has sites , such as Facebook.] allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
Sociais what thatmedia sites such as Facebook has allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
Social media sites such as Facebook [has sites that we always log in] allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
Sociamapplies such as Facebook has allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
This approaches help the parents to communicate with their children and know what kind of activities that their children have when they are overseas .
This social media sites help the parents to communicate with their children and know what kind of activities that their children have when they are overseas .
This approaches help the parents whose children are overseas to communicate with their children and know what kind of activities that their children have .
This approaches help the parents to keep in contact with their children and know what kind of activities that their children have when they are overseas .
This methods help the parents to communicate with their children and know what kind of activities that their children have when they are overseas .
This approaches help the parents to communicate with their children and know what sorts of activities that their children have when they are overseas .
The social media is beneficial as it connect you and your loved one even though you are separated by the distance .
The social media is profitable as it connect you and your loved one even though you are separated by the distance .
The social media is beneficial because it connect you and your loved one even though you are separated by the distance .
The social media is beneficial as it connect you and your loved one even if you are separated by the distance .
The social media is beneficial as it connect you and your loved one even though you are parted by the distance .
The social media is beneficial as it connect you and your loved one even though you are far away the from them .
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
It might have no way to to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family but it could help to reduce the negative feeling of being away from your family .
It might not be able to replace the happiness that you have when you are with your family but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you stay with your family but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family but it could help to reduce the sadness of staying at a place that is far away from your family .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there is also disadvantages of social media tools .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there is also many disadvantages of social media tools .
As I said in the beginning , there is also disadvantages of social media tools .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there is also disadvantages of social media software .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there is disadvantages of social media tools .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there is also advantages of social media tools .
One of them is that it reduce the level of concentration especially among the youngsters .
One of them is that it reduce the level of concentration especially among the teenagers .
One of them is that it reduce the level of concentration especially among the young people .
One of them is that it reduce the quality of concentration especially among the youngsters .
One of them is that it reduce the level of happiness especially among the youngsters .
One of them is that it reduce the level of concentration especially among the young adults .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their facebook 's page as their friends will post something new every second .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their facebook 's page since their friends will post something new every second .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their facebook 's page as their friends will post something new every minute .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their facebook 's page as their friends will post something new every day .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their facebook 's page as their friends will post something interesting every second .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their facebook 's page as their friends will post something funny every second .
Thus , you can see that some students will browse facebook while attending lectures .
Hence , you can see that some students will browse facebook while attending lectures .
Therefore , you can see that some students will browse facebook while attending lectures .
Thus , you can see that some students will browse facebook while attending meetings .
Thus , you can find that some students will browse facebook while attending lectures .
Thus , people can see that some students will browse facebook while attending lectures .
This means that the students are not concetrating when they supposed to do so .
This means that the students are not concetrating when they supposed to do it .
This means that the students are not concetrating when they expected to do so .
It means that the students are not concetrating when they supposed to do so .
This indicates that the students are not concetrating when they supposed to do so .
This means that the teenagers are not concetrating when they supposed to do so .
As a result , it could affect their lives and studies .
As a result , it could influence their lives and studies .
As a result , it could impact their lives and studies .
As a result , it could affect people's lives and studies .
As a result , it can affect their lives and studies .
Consequently , it could affect their lives and studies .
This will then could lead to stress as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they were distracted .
This will then could cause stress as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they were distracted .
This will then could lead to stress because these students are not able to cope with their studies because they were distracted .
This will then could lead to stress as those students are not able to cope with their studies because they were distracted .
This will then could lead to stress as these people are not able to cope with their studies because they were distracted .
This will then could lead to stress as these students are not able to deal with their studies because they were distracted .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility of their own lives by making a right decision .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility of their own studies by making a right decision .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility of their own lives by making a right choice .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility of their own lives by making a good decision .
In my opinion , each individual has to take responsibility of their own lives by making a right decision .
In my opinion , every student has to take responsibility of their own lives by making a right decision .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using social media sites , however in this case striking balance between social media and lives is the most important thing to do .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using social media software , however in this case striking balance between social media and lives is the most important thing to do .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using social media sites , however in this case striking balance between social media and lives is the most valuable thing to do .
There are benefits and disadvantages in using social media sites , however in this case striking balance between social media and lives is the most important thing to do .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using social media sites , however in this case striking balance between social media and lives is the least important thing to do .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using social media sites , however in this case keeping balance between social media and lives is the most important thing to do .
Nowadays , the use of the sociall media platforms is a commonplace in our lives .
Nowadays , the use of the sociall media software is a commonplace in our lives .
Nowadays , the use of the sociall media sites is common in our lives .
Nowadays , the usage of the sociall media platforms is a commonplace in our lives .
Nowadays , the use of the sociall media platforms is a commonplace in their lives .
Nowadays , the use of the sociall media websites is a commonplace in our lives .
In increasingly globalised world , such platforms even enhances and compliccates the links between indivduals in the world .
In increasingly globalised world , such platforms even enhances and compliccates the connection between indivduals in the world .
In increasingly globalised world , such platforms even enhances and compliccates the links between people in the world .
In increasingly globalised world , such platforms even enhances and compliccates the links between indivduals all over the world .
In increasingly globalised world , such platforms even enhances and compliccates the links between indivduals around the world .
In increasingly globalised world , such platforms even enhances and compliccates the links between teenagers in the world .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , without having to travel to meet up for business purposes for companies or personal reasons .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , without having to travel to meet up for business purposes for companies or private reasons .
Owing to them , people can get to know one another online , without having to travel to meet up for business purposes for companies or personal reasons .
Thanks to them , people can get to know others online , without having to travel to meet up for business purposes for companies or personal reasons .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , without having to go to meet up for business purposes for companies or personal reasons .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , without having to travel to meet up for business purposes for companies or personal causes .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , resulting in some negative impacts in individuaul 's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies as a whole .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , resulting in some negative impacts in individuaul 's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , leading to some negative impacts in individuaul 's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies as a whole .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , resulting in some bad impacts in individuaul 's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies as a whole .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , resulting in some negative influences in individuaul 's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies as a whole .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , resulting in many negative impacts in individuaul 's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies as a whole .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .
As people spend more and more time on such social media web sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .
As human spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .
As people spend more and more money on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the value of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the significance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .
As people feel more confident online where they do not have to face in real-life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
As human beings feel more confident online where they do not have to face in real-life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
As people feel more confident online where they do not have to deal with in real-life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
As people become more confident online where they do not have to face in real-life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
As people turn to be more confident online where they do not have to face in real-life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
As people feel more confident online where they do not have to face in real-life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus enjoy communicating online .
This results in lack of interpersonal skills in individual , especially young students as they always have option to turn their back to the real-life and go online .
This results in lack of interpersonal skills in individual , especially young students because they always have option to turn their back to the real-life and go online .
This leads to lack of interpersonal skills in individual , especially young students as they always have option to turn their back to the real-life and go online .
This results in lack of communication skills in individual , especially young students as they always have option to turn their back to the real-life and go online .
This results in lack of interaction skills in individual , especially young students as they always have option to turn their back to the real-life and go online .
This results in lack of interpersonal skills in individual , especially young adults as they always have option to turn their back to the real-life and go online .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but have to face things in real life .
This becomes a big problem when they have no choice but have to face things in real life .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no option but have to face things in real life .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but have to deal with things in real life .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but have to face things in life .
It becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but have to face things in real life .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to interact people in real-life .
As they are so accustomed to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to interact people in real-life .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not know how to interact people in real-life .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to communicate people in real-life .
As they are pretty used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to interact people in real-life .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they might lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to interact people in real-life .
Another problem with social media is that , the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy is not relfected as something positive to the users .
Another problem with social media is that , the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy is not relfected as something good to the users .
Another issue with social media is that , the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy is not relfected as something positive to the users .
Another problem with social media software is that , the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy is not relfected as something positive to the users .
Another problem with social media is that , the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy is not relfected as something beneficial to the users .
Another problem with social media is that , the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy is not relfected as something positive to the people .
The reason why it is so addictive is , that the more people get into the social media , they seek attention from their friends .
The reason why it is so attractive is , that the more people get into the social media , they seek attention from their friends .
The reason why it is so addictive is , that the more people get into the social media , they seek attention from their family members .
The reason why it is so addictive is , that the more people get into the social media , they seek help from their friends .
The reason why it is so addictive is , that the more people get into the social media , they seek attention from their friends and classmates .
The reason why it is addictive is , that the more people get into the social media , they seek attention from their friends .
However , such sparks of sudden attention is extremely short-termed and gone eaily thus does not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
However , this kind of sparks of sudden attention is extremely short-termed and gone eaily thus does not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
However , such sparks of sudden attention is short-termed and gone eaily thus does not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
However , such sparks of sudden attention is extremely short-termed and gone eaily thus does not add any value or meaning to people 's life .
Nonetheless , such sparks of sudden attention is extremely short-termed and gone eaily thus does not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
However , such sparks of sudden attention is extremely short-lived and gone eaily thus does not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
Also , according to a research , it has been proven that the users feel more sad after using the Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's lives .
Also , according to a research , it has been proven that the users feel more sad after using the Facebook and this is because they unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's lives .
What's more , according to a research , it has been proven that the users feel more sad after using the Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's lives .
Also , according to a research , it has been proven that the users feel more sad after using the Facebook and the reason is users unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's lives .
Also , according to a research , it has been proven that the users feel more sad after they use the Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's lives .
Also , according to a research , it has been proven that the users feel more sad after using the Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's .
But seriously , most people only post the happiest moments in their lives .
But seriously , most teenagers only post the happiest moments in their lives .
But seriously , most people only show the happiest moments in their lives .
But seriously , most people only post the most unforgetabble moments in their lives .
But seriously , most people only post the happiest moments in their social media .
But seriously , most people post the happiest moments in their lives .
Social media definitely has some other strong benefits that make the users stay is the links among the people .
Social media in recent years definitely has some other strong benefits that make the users stay is the links among the people .
Social media definitely has some strong benefits that make the users stay is the links among the people .
Social media definitely has some other strong benefits that make the users stay is the links among the friends .
Social media definitely has plenty of other strong benefits that make the users stay is the links among the people .
Social network definitely has some other strong benefits that make the users stay is the links among the people .
Indeed , I myself use Facebook just because of the friends ' contacts that I want to keep .
Indeed , I use Facebook just because of the friends ' contacts that I want to keep .
In fact , I myself use Facebook just because of the friends ' contacts that I want to keep .
Indeed , I myself use WeChat just because of the friends ' contacts that I want to keep .
Indeed , I myself use Facebook just because of the old friends ' contacts that I want to keep .
Indeed , I myself use Facebook just because of the friends ' contacts that I hope to keep .
However , the friendship on such virtual world is so superficial which is not so relevant to the real-life .
Nonetheless , the friendship on such virtual world is so superficial which is not so relevant to the real-life .
However , the relationship on such virtual world is so superficial which is not so relevant to the real-life .
However , the friendship on such virtual world is so superficial that is not so relevant to the real-life .
However , the friendship on such virtual world is so superficial and unreliable which is not so relevant to the real-life .
However , the friendship on virtual world is so superficial which is not so relevant to the real-life .
Also , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the hugh human traffic on such social media sites , they make it as a pond to fish the customers by uploading many advertisements .
For another , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the hugh human traffic on such social media sites , they make it as a pond to fish the customers by uploading many advertisements .
Also , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the hugh human traffic on such social media sites , they regard it as a pond to fish the customers by uploading many advertisements .
Also , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the hugh human traffic on such social media sites , they make it as a pond to fish the college students by uploading many advertisements .
Also , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the hugh human traffic on such social media sites , they make it as a pond to fish the customers by giving out many advertisements .
Also , as profit-driven companies realize the hugh human traffic on such social media sites , they make it as a pond to fish the customers by uploading many advertisements .
Furthermore this also possibly triggers the privacy issues as the Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
Furthermore it also possibly triggers the privacy issues as the Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
Furthermore this also possibly brings about the privacy issues as the Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
Furthermore this also possibly triggers the privacy issues when the Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
Furthermore this also possibly triggers the privacy issues as the Tencent allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
Furthermore this also triggers the privacy issues as the Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
As this happens , users are more and more pron to any possible frauds .
As this happens , users in all sectors are more and more pron to any possible frauds .
As it happens , users are more and more pron to any possible frauds .
As this happens , users are more and more pron to any frauds .
As this happens , students are more and more pron to any possible frauds .
As this happens , users are increasingly pron to any possible frauds .
Social media sites are at their peaks at the moment , however , I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better persons in real-life , they will not be indulged in it as much as they are now .
Social media sites are at their peaks at the moment , nevertheless , I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better persons in real-life , they will not be indulged in it as much as they are now .
Social media sites are at their peaks at the moment , however , I reckon that when people realize that such sites are not making them better persons in real-life , they will not be indulged in it as much as they are now .
Social media sites are at their peaks at the moment , however , I believe that the moment people realize that such sites are not making them better persons in real-life , they will not be indulged in it as much as they are now .
Social media sites are at their peaks at the moment , however , I believe that when students realize that such sites are not making them better persons in real-life , they will not be indulged in it as much as they are now .
Social media are at their peaks at the moment , however , I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better persons in real-life , they will not be indulged in it as much as they are now .
The users , soon , will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with the their friends because , if they really need somebody , they will reach the friends no matter what .
The users , soon , will understand that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with the their friends because , if they really need somebody , they will reach the friends no matter what .
The users , soon , will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with the their friends because , if they really need somebody anytime , they will reach the friends no matter what .
The users , soon , will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in touch with the their friends because , if they really need somebody , they will reach the friends no matter what .
The users , soon , will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with the their friends because , if they really need somebody , they will reach the friends no matter what happened at that time .
The users , soon , will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with the their families because , if they really need somebody , they will reach the families no matter what .
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media , but do we really get connected or falling apart ?
We think we are all concatenated through all sorts of social media , but do we really get connected or falling apart ?
We think we are all connected through all kinds of social media , but do we really get connected or falling apart ?
We think we are all connected through multifarious social media , but do we really get connected or falling apart ?
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media , but do we really get joint or falling apart ?
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media , but do we really get connected or falling away ?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people , from around the world .
Social media web sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people , from around the world .
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the purpose of connecting people , from around the world .
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of linking people , from around the world .
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people together , from around the world .
Social media sites including Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people , from around the world .
The idea seems great , and nowadays most people even the older generation will have at least one social media platform like Facebook .
The idea seems tremendous , and nowadays most people even the older generation will have at least one social media platform like Facebook .
The idea seems great , and nowadays most people even the older generation will have at least one social media platform like Facebook or Twitter .
The idea seems great , and nowadays most people even the older generation will have at least one social media software like Facebook .
The notion seems great , and nowadays most people even the older generation will have at least one social media platform like Facebook .
The idea sounds great , and nowadays most people even the older generation will have at least one social media platform like Facebook .
The parents are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and on real time .
The teachers are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and on real time .
The parents are now the " friends " of their kids , surprisingly and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and on real time .
The parents are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely than before and on real time .
The parents are now the " friends " of their kids rather than the conventional ones , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and on real time .
Nowadays , the parents are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and on real time .
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected with their so called friends .
People post about their random ideas or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected with their so called friends .
People post about their random thoughts or daily lives via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected with their so called friends .
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and Instgram and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected with their so called friends .
People renew about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected with their so called friends .
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be concatenated with their so called friends .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
Nevertheless , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on our phone and have significantly reduced in face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in time spent in face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in face-to-face human contact , that eventually weakens our interpersonal skills .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal ability .
First and foremost , I would like to share on the advantages of using such social media in my daily life .
First and foremost , I would like to share on the costs of using such social media in my daily life .
First and foremost , I would like to tell you on the advantages of using such social media in my daily life .
First and foremost , I would like to share on the advantages of utilizing such social media in my daily life .
First and foremost , I would like to share on the advantages of using such social media all the time in my daily life .
First and foremost , I would like to announce on the advantages of using such social media in my daily life .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people from different background and at different settings .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people from different background and in different situations .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people from diverse background and at different settings .
As a part of society , I tend to meet lots of people from different background and at different settings .
As a student , I sincerely tend to meet lots of people from different background and at different settings .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of strangers from different background and at different settings .
We may meet only once but we exchange our contact numbers as well as facebook account in order to keep in touch .
We may meet only once but we exchange our contact numbers as well as facebook account in order to keep in contact .
We may meet only once but we exchange each other's contact numbers as well as facebook account in order to keep in touch .
We may meet only once but we exchange our contact numbers as well as social media account in order to keep in touch .
We may meet only once accidentally but we exchange our contact numbers as well as facebook account in order to keep in touch .
We may meet only once but we exchange our contact numbers to contact each other next time as well as facebook account in order to keep in touch .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like facebook is a great way for friends from different field or even from different parts of the world to be connected .
Unlike just maintaining contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like facebook is a great way for friends from different field or even from different parts of the world to be connected .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even dial , social media like facebook is a great way for friends from different field or even from different parts of the world to be connected .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media such as facebook is a great way for friends from different field or even from different parts of the world to be connected .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like facebook is a perfect way for friends from different field or even from different parts of the world to be connected .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like facebook is a great way for friends from different field or even from different regions of the world to be connected .
Within clicks , we could check on the friend 's profile and read on for his/her updates .
a few clicks , we could check on the friend 's profile and read on for his/her updates .
Within clicks , we could check the friend 's profile and read on for his/her updates .
Within clicks , we could check on the friend 's pppersonal data and read on for his/her updates .
Within clicks , we could check on the friend 's profile and read for his/her updates .
Within clicks , we could check on the friend 's profile and read on for what he/she updates .
On another hand , we could update our profile by posting on the wall and our friends could read up on the newsfeed .
On another hand , we could update our personal information by posting on the wall and our friends could read up on the newsfeed .
On another hand , we could update our profile by posting on the when using social media and our friends could read up on the newsfeed .
On another hand , we could update our profile by posting on the wall so our friends could read up on the newsfeed .
On another hand , we could update our profile by posting on the wall and our friends could read it on the newsfeed .
On another hand , we could update our profile by posting on the wall and our friends could read up through the newsfeed .
This allows friends that may not have the time for meet up to still connected in a way .
This allows friends who may not have the time for meet up to still connected in a way .
This can make friends that may not have the time for meet up to still connected in a way .
This allows friends that may not have the opportunities for meet up to still connected in a way .
This allows friends that may not have the time for schedule appointments to still contacted in a way .
This allows friends that may not have the time for meet up to still connected in some degree .
Not only that , new friends can be easily met through such online platforms .
new friends can be easily met through such online platforms .
Moreover , new friends can be easily met through such online platforms .
Not only that , new friends also be easily met through such online platforms .
Not only that , new friends can be easily met through such a network platforms .
Not only that , new friends can be easily made through such online platforms .
Hence , our social circle is indeed expanding .
Therefore , our social circle is indeed expanding .
our social circle is indeed expanding .
Hence , our social circle is steadily expanding .
Hence , our social circle indeed been expanded .
Hence , people's social circle is indeed expanding .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that falls us apart .
what seems to make us connected can be the cause that falls us apart .
Nonetheless , it seems taht what make s us connected can be the cause that falls us apart .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected may be the cause that falls us apart .
Nonetheless , what seems to bind us together can be the cause that falls us apart .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the source that falls us apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time reduction on face-to-face contact .
The significant disadvantage of using social media is that the time reduction on face-to-face contact .
The obvious defect of using social media is that the time reduction on face-to-face contact .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time abatement on face-to-face contact .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the reduction of time on face-to-face contact .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time reduction on face-to-face communication .
This subsequently leads to the poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
Subsequently, this leads to the poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
This subsequently leads to the terrible interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
This subsequently brings about the poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
This subsequently leads to the poor interpersonal capabilities that inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
This subsequently leads to the poor interpersonal skills that obstruct the growth of our real social circle .
For example , we tend send a birthday wishes when Facebook promts us " Today is someone 's birthday " .
For instance , we tend send a birthday wishes when Facebook promts us " Today is someone 's birthday " .
For example , we tend send a birthday wishes if Facebook promts us " Today is someone 's birthday " .
For example , we tend send a birthday wishes when Facebook promts that " Today is someone 's birthday " .
For example , we prefer send a birthday wishes when Facebook promts us " Today is someone 's birthday " .
For example , we tend send a birthday wishes when Facebook promts us " Today is the of one of your friends " .
In fact , we may have just forgotten our friend 's birthday .
In reality , we may have just forgotten our friend 's birthday .
In fact , we all may have just forgotten our friend 's birthday .
In fact , we may have just forgotten our friend 's birthday carelessly .
In fact , we may have just forgotten our classmate 's birthday .
In fact , we may have just disremembered our friend 's birthday .
We used to send wishes cards during festive season like Chinese New Year , and we feel so good to write one and of course to receive one with stamps on it .
We used to send wishes pictures during festive season like Chinese New Year , and we feel so good to write one and of course to receive one with stamps on it .
We used to send wishes cards during festive season such as Chinese New Year , and we feel so good to write one and of course to receive one with stamps on it .
We used to send wishes cards during festive season like Chinese New Year , and we feel so nice to write one and of course to receive one with stamps on it .
We used to send wishes cards during festive season like Chinese New Year , and we feel so good to make one and of course to receive one with stamps on it .
We used to send wishes cards during festive season like Chinese New Year , and we feel so good to send one and of course to receive one with stamps on it .
Gone were the times , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes .
Gone were the times , and now we do mass texting and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes .
Gone were the times , and now we do numerous sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes .
Gone were the times , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may think less meaning in such online wishes .
Gone were the times , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less happy in such online wishes .
Gone were the times , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online greetings .
As time passed , we may have more " friends " on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
As time passed , we possibly have more " friends " on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
As time passed , we may have more " friends " on the table , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
As time passed , we may have more " friends " on the list , but the point of friends needs to be redefined .
As time passed , we may have more close " friends " on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
As time passed , we may have more " friends " on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined carefully .
In a nutshell , every sword has two edges .
In a nutshell , every sword has three edges .
In a nutshell , every sword has four edges .
In a nutshell , every sword has five edges .
In a nutshell , every sword has six edges .
In a nutshell , every sword has eight edges .
The users of every social media sites need to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual one .
The members of every social media sites need to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual one .
The users of each social media sites need to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual one .
The users of every social media sites need to strike a equilibrium between the real world versus the virtual one .
The users of every social media sites need to strike a balance between the actual world versus the virtual one .
The users of every social media sites need to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual z one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its impacts on the actual life that we have .
We should maximise the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its impacts on the actual life that we have .
We should maximize the advantages of such platforms but be careful of its impacts on the actual life that we have .
We should maximize the benefits of these platforms but be careful of its impacts on the actual life that we have .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its impacts on the realistic life that we have .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its impacts on the actual life that we possess .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings but social media sites are only the tools to enhance it .
In the end , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings but social media sites are only the tools to enhance it .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face appointments but social media sites are only the tools to enhance it .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings but social media platforms are only the tools to enhance it .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings but social media sites are only the means to enhance it .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings but social media sites are only the tools to improve it .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in the society .
At present , social media sites are commonly used in the society .
Nowadays , social media platforms are commonly used in the society .
Nowadays , social media sites are generally used in the society .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly applied in the society .
Nowadays , social media sites are commonly used in the today's society .
I believe 80 percents of people plays social media sites .
I believe firmly 80 percents of people plays social media sites .
I trust 80 percents of people plays social media sites .
I believe 80 percents of young people plays social media sites .
I believe 80 percents of people plays social media sites in their free time .
I believe 80 percents of people plays social media games .
These sites play the role of connecting people around the world .
These sites play a vital role of connecting people around the world .
These social media play the role of connecting people around the world .
These sites play the role of connecting people across the globe .
These sites play the role of connecting all walks of life around the world .
These sites play the role of interacting with people around the world .
It consists of the function of connecting , sharing , interacting and advertising .
It consists of the coordination among connecting , sharing , interacting and advertising .
It consists of the function of chatting , sharing , interacting and advertising .
It consists of the function of connecting , sharing , communicating and advertising .
It consists of the function of connecting , sharing , interacting and publicizing .
It consists of multiple function s including connecting , sharing , interacting and advertising .
However , there are also some disadvantages occur due to the social media which are concerned in the society .
On the contrary , there are also some disadvantages occur due to the social media which are concerned in the society .
However , there are also some merits occur due to the social media which are concerned in the society .
However , there are also countless disadvantages occur due to the social media which are concerned in the society .
However , there are also some disadvantages result from the social media which are concerned in the society .
However , there are also some disadvantages occur due to the social media which are concerned in the our nation .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life .
Consequently , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life .
Therefore , this dissertation is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life .
Therefore , this article is written to elaborate on the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our mundane life .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using Instagram or Twitter in our daily life .
First , with the function of social media sites that connects the people , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and families , or even strangers without any time and place constraints .
First , with the function of social media sites that connects the people from every corner of the globe , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and families , or even strangers without any time and place constraints .
First , with the function of social networks that connects the people , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and families , or even strangers without any time and place constraints .
First , with the function of social media sites that connects the people , everyone is able to interact with friends and families , or even strangers without any time and place constraints .
First , with the function of social media sites that connects the people , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and families , or even acquaintances without any time and place constraints .
First , with the function of social media sites that connects the people , everyone is end able to interact and communicate with friends and families , or even strangers without any time and place constraints .
Through the social media sites , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
With the aid of the social media sites , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
Through the social networks , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
Through the social media sites , we manage to chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
Through the social media sites , we can chat with our or family who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
Through the social media sites , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe .
There are over thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries .
There are over thousand kilometers between Singapore and these two countries .
There are over thousand miles between Singapore and these two nations .
There are over thousand miles between Afghanistan and these two countries .
There are over thousand miles between Singapore and these neighbouring nations .
There are over thousand miles between Singapore and these two desolate countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without travel to the countries .
Nevertheless , we are able to chat with our friends without travel to the countries .
However , we manage to chat with our friends without travel to the countries .
However , we are able to chat with our colleagues without travel to the countries .
However , we are able to interact with our friends without travel to the countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without travel to the ir respective countries .
It saves a lot of money and time as well as strengthen our relationship although we stay at different places around the world .
It helps to save a lot of money and time as well as strengthen our relationship although we stay at different places around the world .
It saves a great deal of money and time as well as strengthen our relationship although we stay at different places around the world .
The advent of technology saves a lot of money and time as well as strengthen our relationship although we stay at different places around the world .
It saves a lot of money and time as well as strengthen our relationship although we stay in different regions around the world .
It saves a lot of money as well as strengthen our relationship although we stay at different places around the world .
Besides that , company also can use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype to facilitate the meeting with parties of project from around the world .
In addition , company also can use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype to facilitate the meeting with parties of project from around the world .
Besides that , company also can make the most of the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype to facilitate the meeting with parties of project from around the world .
Besides that , company also can use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype to facilitate the meeting with parties of project from every corner of the world .
Besides that , company also can use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype to facilitate the meeting with clients or customers of project from around the world .
Besides that , company also can use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or downloaded form the app store to facilitate the meeting with parties of project from around the world .
Substantial cost is saved without the tiring travel from one point to another point .
Substantial cost is reduced without the tiring travel from one point to another point .
Substantial cost is saved without the tiring travel from one place to another place .
Substantial cost is saved without the tiring trip from one point to another point .
Substantial cost is lowered without the tiring travel from one point to another point .
Substantial cost is saved without the tiring journey from one point to another point .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in the other sectors which benefits company more and boost up the company 's profit .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in the many sectors which benefits company more and boost up the company 's profit .
With the great amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in the other sectors which benefits company more and boost up the company 's profit .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be used in the other sectors which benefits company more and boost up the company 's profit .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be spent in the other sectors which benefits company more and boost up the company 's profit .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in the other areas which benefits company more and boost up the company 's profit .
However , there are two sides of stories always .
Still , there are two sides of stories always .
However , there are sveral sides of stories always .
However , there are many sides of stories always .
However , there are two sides of stories in the real life always .
However , there are two sides of stories in reality always .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between human .
Some scholars think that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between human .
Some scholars say that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between human .
Some scholars argue that the use of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between human .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media software reduces the face-to-face interaction between human .
Many scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between human .
Since ancient times , human interact with others face by face .
Since ancient times , human communicate with others face by face .
Since ancient times , human talk with others face by face .
Since ancient times , human interact with their friends face by face .
Since ancient times , human interact with other people face by face .
Ever since ancient times , human interact with others face by face .
Without the facial impression , it is easier to misunderstand the intention of speakers .
With the facial impression , it is easier to understand the intention of speakers .
Without the facial impression , it is easier to misunderstand the idea of speakers .
Without the facial impression , it is easier to misunderstand the mind of speakers .
Without the facial impression , it is more difficult to understand the intention of speakers .
Without the facial impression , it is easier to misunderstand the thought of speakers .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important parts in social learning .
That is why facial impression is one of the least important elements in social learning .
That is why facial impression is one of the most crucial elements in social learning .
That is why facial impression is one of the most significant elements in social learning .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important factors in social learning .
In addition , " social media sites will affect writing skills " , that is the point of view in society .
In addition , " social media sites will influence writing skills " , that is the point of view in society .
In addition , " social media sites will impact writing skills " , that is the point of view in society .
In addition , " social media web sites will affect writing skills " , that is the point of view in society .
In addition , " social media software will affect writing skills " , that is the point of view in society .
Moreover , " social media sites will affect writing skills " , that is the point of view in society .
Based on the statistic report , the more of the writing skills will be reduced when the more time used in the social media sites .
According to the statistic report , the more of the writing skills will be reduced when the more time used in the social media sites .
Based on the statistic research , the more of the writing skills will be reduced when the more time used in the social media sites .
Based on the statistic report , the more of the writing skills will be lowered when the more time used in the social media sites .
Based on the statistic report , the more of the writing skills will be reduced when the more time used in the social media web sites .
Based on the statistic report , the more of the writing skills will be reduced when the more time used in the social media .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forget how to write a word that we should know .
I think most of us have the experience of suddenly forget how to write a word that we should know .
I believe most of us have the experience of forget how to write a word that we should know .
I believe most of people have the experience of suddenly forget how to write a word that we should know .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forget how to write a sentence that we should know .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forget how to write a word that we should remember .
The auto correction software is so effective when using electronic device until we did not realize the importance of writing .
The auto correction software is so effective when using electronic device until we did not realize the significance of writing .
The auto correction software is so efficient when using electronic device until we did not realize the importance of writing .
The auto correction software is so effective when using electronic device until we did not sense the importance of writing .
The auto correction software is so effective when employing electronic device until we did not realize the importance of writing .
The auto correction software is so effective when using electronic device until we did not realize the importance of spelling .
Writing is an essential skill of person who express their own feelings and opinions .
Composing is an essential skill of person who express their own feelings and opinions .
Writing is an vital skill of person who express their own feelings and opinions .
Writing is an crucial skill of person who express their own feelings and opinions .
Writing is an indispensable skill of person who express their own feelings and opinions .
Writing is an essential skill of person who express their own emotions and opinions .
'Privacy ' , this is the word that popular in these few decades .
Solitude ' , this is the word that popular in these few decades .
Privacy ' , this is the word that attractive in these few decades .
Privacy ' , this is the word that popular in these few decades .
Privacy ' , this is the word that popular in these few decades .
Privacy ' , this is the word that appealing in these few decades .
Human has their own rights and privacy .
Human has their own rights and privacy .
Human has their own rights and privacy .
Human has their own interests and privacy .
Human has their own rights and solitude .
Human has their own rights and privacy .
I believe that most of us agree with these terms .
I suppose that most of us agree with these terms .
I believe that most of us agree with these expressions .
I believe that most of us concur with these terms .
I believe that the majority of us agree with these terms .
I am under the impression that most of us agree with these terms .
However , there is news about the social media sites leaks users ' information to companies with cash reimbursement .
Nevertheless , there is news about the social media sites leaks users ' information to companies with cash reimbursement .
However , there is news about the social media networks leaks users ' information to companies with cash reimbursement .
However , there is news concerning the social media sites leaks users ' information to companies with cash reimbursement .
However , there is news about the social media sites leaks users ' information to companies with cash reimbursement .
However , there is news about the social media sites leaks users ' data to companies with cash reimbursement .
Everything we type in the social media sites is recorded in the server and then transfer to the companies for spying and advertising .
All that we type in the social media sites is recorded in the server and then transfer to the companies for spying and advertising .
Everything we type in the social media sites is registered in the server and then transfer to the companies for spying and advertising .
Everything we type in the social media sites is recorded in the server and then transfer to the corporations for spying and advertising .
Everything we type in the social media sites is recorded in the server and then transfer to the companies for inspection and advertising .
Everything we type in the social media sites is recorded in the server and then transfer to the companies for spying and propagating .
Although it looks like no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
In spite of the fact that it looks like no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
Although it seems like no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
Although it looks like no laws and it is your own space to speak and do whatever you want , you are actually wrong .
Although it looks like no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want , you are indeed wrong .
Although it looks like no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want , you are actually inaccurate .
You are not only controlled by the government laws but also spied by the government .
You are not only managed by the government laws but also spied by the government .
You are not only controlled by the administration laws but also spied by the government .
You are not only controlled by the government legislation but also spied by the government .
You are not only controlled by the government laws but also spied by the government unconsciously.
You are not only supervised by the government laws but also spied by the government .
In conclusion , everything has two sides of stories .
In summary , everything has two sides of stories .
In conclusion , everything is featured with two sides of stories .
In conclusion , everything has two sides of stories .
In conclusion , everything holds two sides of stories .
In short , everything has two sides of stories .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
It is our duty to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
It is our responsibility to evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
It is our responsibility to identify the benefits and disadvantages of social media sites .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and drawbacks of social media sites .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media platforms .
To utilize the technology well , we should do our effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
To effectively use the technology , we should do our effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
To utilize the technology well , we need to do our effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
To utilize the technology well , we should do our effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also extend the pros and shorten the cons .
To utilize the technology well , we should do our effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and reduce the cons .
To utilize the technology well , we should try our effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and next generation .
Moreover , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and next generation .
Thus , the advanced technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and next generation .
Thus , the new technology can bring a prosperous future for our and next generation .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a bright future for our and next generation .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and young generation .
With the wide spread of advanced technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
With the wide spread of modern technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
With the wide spread of advanced technology , social media platforms are becoming more and more popular .
With the wide spread of advanced technology , social media sites are gaining more popular ity .
With the wide spread of science and technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
With the wide spread of advanced technology , VR is becoming more and more popular .
Getting connected on social media such as facebook and twitter has become a main trend as well as daily work nowadays .
Being connected on social media such as facebook and twitter has become a main trend as well as daily work nowadays .
Getting connected on social media such as facebook and twitter has become a growing trend as well as daily work nowadays .
Getting connected on social media such as facebook and twitter has become a main trend as well as daily work today .
Meeting new friends on social media such as facebook and twitter has become a main trend as well as daily work nowadays .
Getting connected on social media such as facebook and twitter has become a fashion as well as daily work nowadays .
With this situation , both advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life .
With this situation , both benefits and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life .
With this situation , both advantages and drawbacks of using social media apply to our daily life .
With this situation , both advantages and disadvantages of using social media are relevant to our daily life .
With this situation , both advantages and disadvantages of using social media can apply to our daily life .
With this situation , both advantages and disadvantages of social media apply to our daily life .
On one side , it is obvioualy that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
On one side , it is obvioualy that many benefits have been brought to our lives .
On one side , it is obvioualy that numerous advantages have been brought to our lives .
On one side , it is obvioualy that many inventions have been brought to our lives .
On one side , it is obvioualy that many advantages have been brought to change our lives .
On one side , it is obvioualy that many great advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get contact with each other every time and everywhere .
Social media provides us with the opportunity to get contact with each other every time and everywhere .
Social media offers people the opportunity to get contact with each other every time and everywhere .
Social media provides people with the chance to get contact with each other every time and everywhere .
Wechat provides people with the opportunity to get contact with each other every time and everywhere .
Social media provides young people with the opportunity to get contact with each other every time and everywhere .
Whether we are at home or at school , at work or on a holiday , we are able to communicate and interact with our friends .
Whether we are at home or at school , at work or on a holiday , we can communicate and interact with our friends .
Whether we are at home or at school , at work or on a holiday , we are able to communicate with our friends .
Whether we are at work or on a holiday , we are able to communicate and interact with our friends .
Whether people are at home or at school , at work or on a holiday , they are able to communicate and interact with our friends .
Whether we are at home or at school , at work or on a holiday , we are able to communicate and interact with our peers .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , social media make it possible to have interaction by keep writing comments .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , social media platforms make it possible to have interaction by keep writing comments .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , social media enable them to have interaction by keep writing comments .
Even though you two are thousands of miles apart , social media make it possible to have interaction by keep writing comments .
Even when people are hundreds of miles apart , social media make it possible to have interaction by keep writing comments .
Even when people are separated by thousands of miles , social media make it possible to have interaction by keep writing comments .
When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use the social media to get contact with our friends .
When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use the social media to get contact with others .
When our phones are done , we can also use the social media to get contact with our friends .
When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use the social media platform to get contact with our friends .
When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use the social media site to get contact with our friends .
When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use the social media to get contact with other people .
Some people who are try to talk in the public can also actively take part in the group chatting via social media .
Some people who are try to speak in the public can also actively take part in the group chatting via social media .
Many people who are try to talk in the public can also actively take part in the group chatting via social media .
Some students who are try to talk in the public can also actively take part in the group chatting via social media .
Some people who are try to talk in the public can also take part in the group chatting via social media .
Some people who are try to talk in the public can also actively join in the group chatting via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Moreover , we can make more friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Besides , we can make friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
In addition , we can make more friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Besides , we can make many friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Besides , we can also make more friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites have made it more convenient for people ot update friends ' status and contact with friends more frequently .
Hence , the popularity of social media sites have made it more convenient for people ot update friends ' status and contact with friends more frequently .
Thus , the popularity of social media sites have made it more convenient for people ot update friends ' status and contact with friends more frequently .
Therefore , the popularity of social media web sites have made it more convenient for people ot update friends ' status and contact with friends more frequently .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites have made it easier for people ot update friends ' status and contact with friends more frequently .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites have made it more convenient for people ot update friends ' status and contact with friends more often .
On the other side , we need to rethink about the influences brought by the social media .
On the other side , we have to rethink about the influences brought by the social media .
On the other side , we need to think about the influences brought by the social media .
On the other side , we need to rethink about the impact brought by the social media .
On the other side , we need to rethink about the changes brought by the social media .
On the other side , we need to rethink about the influences brought by the social media platform .
There are still many disadvantages of using social media .
There are still a lot of disadvantages of using social media .
There are many disadvantages of using social media .
There are still disadvantages of using social media .
There are still many disadvantages of using social media in our life .
There are still many disadvantages of using social media frequently .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
Firstly , communication skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be influenced by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be impacted by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-face human connection .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-face human interaction .
While social media brings convenience to people life , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has a time and place requirement .
While social media brings benefits to people life , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has a time and place requirement .
While social media brings advantages to people life , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has a time and place requirement .
While social media brings convenience to people life , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has a time and place limit .
While social media brings convenience to people life , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has a time requirement .
While social media brings convenience to people life , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has a place requirement .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved under this situation .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved under this scenario .
People who are bad at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved under this situation .
People who are not good at public communication may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved under this situation .
People who are not good at public chatting may be less willing to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved under this situation .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to other people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved under this situation .
Secondly , people 's over-addition may avoidably , to some degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking .
Secondly , people 's over-addition may avoidably , to a certain degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking .
Secondly , people 's over-addition may avoidably , to some degree , intensify social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking .
Secondly , people 's over-addition may avoidably , to some degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation leads to some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking .
Secondly , people 's over-addition might avoidably , to some degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking .
Secondly , people 's over-addition may avoidably , to some degree , aggravate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking .
More and more networking has been transferred to internet from real life .
The networking has been transferred to internet from real life .
More and more networking has been gradually transferred to internet from real life .
More and more networking has been transferred to internet from mundane life .
More and more social contacts has been transferred to internet from real life .
More and more networking has been transferred to internet .
This is a potential danger for teenagers who are growing with social changes to get hurt .
This is a potential danger for teenagers who are growing with social changes to get injured .
This is potential ly danger ous for teenagers who are growing with social changes to get hurt .
This is a potential danger for youngsters who are growing with social changes to get hurt .
This is a potential danger for teenagers who are prone with social changes to get hurt .
The video game is a potential danger for teenagers who are growing with social changes to get hurt .
Thirdly , a lot of updating of luxury living standard as well as other show-off situations may make people 's daily life more and more grandiloquent , which is not an accurate social growing trend .
Most importantly , a lot of updating of luxury living standard as well as other show-off situations may make people 's daily life more and more grandiloquent , which is not an accurate social growing trend .
Thirdly , a wide range of updating of luxury living standard as well as other show-off situations may make people 's daily life more and more grandiloquent , which is not an accurate social growing trend .
Thirdly , a lot of updating of extravagant living standard as well as other show-off situations may make people 's daily life more and more grandiloquent , which is not an accurate social growing trend .
Thirdly , a lot of updating of luxury living standard coupled with other show-off situations may make people 's daily life more and more grandiloquent , which is not a reasonable social growing trend .
Thirdly , a lot of updating of luxury living standard as well as other show-off situations may make people 's daily life increasingly grandiloquent , which is not an accurate social growing trend .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Lastly , it is not difficult for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Lastly , it is easy for people to squander a lot of time using social media .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a great deal of time using social media .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time while engaging in social media .
Lastly , it is easy for netizens to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addition and their study and work may be greatly influenced .
Indeed , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addition and their study and work may be greatly influenced .
Again , there is a fad for them to suffer from social media addition and their study and work may be greatly influenced .
Again , there is a trend for them to be afflicted by social media addition and their study and work may be greatly influenced .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from cyberspace addition and their study and work may be greatly influenced .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addition and their study and work may be enormously influenced .
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media , and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend of using social media may be still lasting for a long time .
Since we can see both pros and cons of using social media , and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend of using social media may be still lasting for a long time .
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of utilizing social media , and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend of using social media may be still lasting for a long time .
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media , and we can not deny the considerable benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend of using social media may be still lasting for a long time .
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media , and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend of using social media may be still lasting for decades .
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media , and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this major trend of using social media may be still lasting for a long time .
Therefore , everytime when we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid be affected by the disadvantages .
Consequently , everytime when we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid be affected by the disadvantages .
Therefore , any time when we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid be affected by the disadvantages .
Therefore , everytime when we use social media , we should take both sides into account and try to avoid be affected by the disadvantages .
Therefore , everytime when we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid be affected by the drawbacks .
Therefore , everytime when we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and manage to avoid be affected by the disadvantages .
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we make better use of the social media .
Only by taking in the essence and discarding the dregs can we make better use of the social media .
Only by absorbing the essence and casting aside the dregs can we make better use of the social media .
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we make the most of the social media .
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we make better use of the social networks .
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we make better use of the social media in our day-to-day life .
In the sophisticated era like these days , experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
In the sophisticated era like these days , experts keep contriving inventions that are meant to make life easier .
In the sophisticated era like these days , scientists keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
In the sophisticated era like these days , experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier all the time .
In the rapidly changing era like these days , experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
In the sophisticated era like these days , experts are preoccupied with producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
Geographical and transportation borders are not a problem anymore because communication and information technologies were enhanced continuously .
Geographical and transportation borders are not a problem anymore because communication and information technologies were strengthened continuously .
Geographical and transportation borders are not a n intractable problem anymore because communication and information technologies were enhanced continuously .
Geographical and transportation borders are not a problem anymore in that communication and information technologies were enhanced continuously .
Geographical and transportation borders are not a problem anymore because communication and information technologies were increasingly enhanced .
Geographical and transportation boundaries are not a problem anymore because communication and information technologies were enhanced continuously .
Telephone may be perceived as a big innovation created ever when the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
Telephone may be regarded as a big innovation created ever when the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
Mobile phone may be perceived as a big innovation created ever when the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
Telephone might be perceived as a big innovation created ever when the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
Phone may be perceived as a big innovation created ever when the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
Telephone may be thought as a big innovation created ever when the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
However , since internet were known , telephone started to give way to social media sites .
Still , since internet were known , telephone started to give way to social media sites .
However , as internet were known , telephone started to give way to social media sites .
However , since internet were known , telephone started to give place to social media sites .
However , since internet were known , telephone started to give way to social media web sites .
However , since internet were known , telephone started to give way to social media software .
Many advantages are given to the users .
A lot of advantages are given to the users .
Numerous advantages are given to the users .
Many dis advantages are given to the users .
Many advantages are given to the friends .
Many advantages are given to the other people .
Let us take example from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Let us take example from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most important social media sites .
Let us take example from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most widespread social media sites .
Let us take example from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most valuable social media sites .
Let us take example from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media software .
Let people take example from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Through Facebook , peope are able to maintain relationship with their old acquaintances .
Through Facebook , peope are able to maintain relationship with their old friends .
Through it , peope are able to maintain relationship with their old acquaintances .
Through Facebook , they are able to maintain relationship with their old acquaintances .
Through Facebook , peope are able to maintain relationship with their acquaintances .
Through Facebook , peope are able to establish relationship with their old acquaintances .
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people 's particular and address may change from time to time while on Facebook , people can keep in contact with old friends just by using name and photo , for example , as the identifier .
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people 's particular and address may change from time to time while on Facebook , people can keep in contact with friends just by using name and photo , for example , as the identifier .
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people 's particular and address may change from time to time while on Facebook , people can keep in contact with their friends just by using name and photo , for example , as the identifier .
This advantage can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people 's particular and address may change from time to time while on Facebook , people can keep in contact with old friends just by using name and photo , for example , as the identifier .
This benefit can not be obtained through phone or mail because people 's particular and address may change from time to time while on Facebook , people can keep in contact with old friends just by using name and photo , for example , as the identifier .
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people 's particular and address might change from time to time while on Facebook , people can keep in contact with old friends just by using name and photo , for example , as the identifier .
Facebook is like a combination of message and chatting service , personal profile , media of sharing , and other entertainment add-on ( i.e .
Facebook is a combination of message and chatting service , personal profile , media of sharing , and other entertainment add-on ( i.e .
Twitter is like a combination of message and chatting service , personal profile , media of sharing , and other entertainment add-on ( i.e .
Facebook is like a n integration of message and chatting service , personal profile , media of sharing , and other entertainment add-on ( i.e .
Facebook is like a combination of message and chatting service , personal information , media of sharing , and other entertainment add-on ( i.e .
Facebook is like a combination of message and chatting service , personal profile , media of sharing , and other functions add-on ( i.e .
social games ) which allow users to communicate with remote people , and also to update and express themselves at the same time .
social games ) which allow users to talk with remote people , and also to update and express themselves at the same time .
social games ) which allow users to communicate with distant people , and also to update and express themselves at the same time .
social games ) which allow users to communicate with remote friends , and also to update and express themselves at the same time .
social games ) which allow people to communicate with remote people , and also to update and express themselves at the same time .
social games ) which allow users to communicate with remote people , and also to update and show themselves at the same time .
Twitter , that has more simplified function compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if used as information sharing media .
Twitter , that has more simplified function compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if used as information sharing media platform .
It , that has more simplified function compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if used as information sharing media .
Twitter , that has more complete function compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if used as information sharing media .
Twitter , that has more useful function compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if used as information sharing media .
Twitter , that has more efficient function compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if used as information sharing media .
Twitter only allow users to give update that is limited to short sentences in order to spread the words fast , that only highlighted messages are delivered .
Twitter only allow people to give update that is limited to short sentences in order to spread the words fast , that only highlighted messages are delivered .
Twitter only allow users to give update that is limited to long sentences in order to spread the words fast , that only highlighted messages are delivered .
Twitter only allow users to give update that is limited to short sentences in order to spread the words fast , that only highlighted information are delivered .
Twitter only allow users to give update that is limited to short sentences in order to spread the words fast , that only highlighted messages are conveyed .
Twitter only allow users to give update that is limited to short sentences in order to spread the words fast , that only highlighted messages are expressed .
For Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , even documents and data can be shared through Facebook nowadays .
For Facebook , a n effective way of sharing is offered since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , even documents and data can be shared through Facebook nowadays .
For Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since various photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , even documents and data can be shared through Facebook nowadays .
For Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , even documents and data can be shared through Facebook these days .
For Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is provided since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , even documents and data can be shared through Facebook nowadays .
For Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , even documents and info can be shared through Facebook nowadays .
These advantages also comes in handy as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile application in our smartphones .
These benefits also comes in handy as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile application in our smartphones .
These advantages also comes in handy as most of these social media platforms are accessible through mobile application in our smartphones .
These advantages also comes in handy as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile application in our cellphones .
These advantages also comes in handy as the majority of these social media sites are accessible through mobile application in our smartphones .
These advantages also comes in handy as most of these social media sites are easily accessible through mobile application in our smartphones .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects which people may not realize it beforehand .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media sites , there are also harmful side effects which people may not realize it beforehand .
Despite the convenience that is offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects which people may not realize it beforehand .
Despite the luxury that is provided by social media , there are also harmful side effects which people may not realize it beforehand .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are harmful side effects which people may not realize it beforehand .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are also negative side effects which people may not realize it beforehand .
Researches show that face-to-face meeting frequency among people that are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing .
Researches show that face-to-face meeting frequency among people that are addicted to social media platforms has been decreasing .
Researches show that face-to-face meeting frequency among people that are addicted to social media sites has been reducing .
Researches show that face-to-face meeting sometimes among people that are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing .
Researches show that face-to-face conference frequency among people that are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing .
Researches show that face-to-face meeting frequency among people that are obsessed with social media sites has been decreasing .
As the consequence , it affects their interpersonal skills .
As the result , it affects their interpersonal skills .
As the consequence , it affects their management skills .
As the consequence , it affects their communication skills .
As the consequence , it affects their musical abilities .
As the consequence , it affects their mentality .
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say but in face-to-face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth and may be not well arranged is the picture of your personality .
People can ponder while typing and prepare what they want to say but in face-to-face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth and may be not well arranged is the picture of your personality .
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say but in communication , every word that comes out of your mouth and may be not well arranged is the picture of your personality .
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say but in face-to-face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth and may be not well arranged is the picture of your character .
People can think while writing and prepare what they want to say but in face-to-face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth and may be not well arranged is the picture of your personality .
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say but in face-to-face communication , every sentence that comes out of your mouth and may be not well arranged is the picture of your personality .
This skill requires practices and can not be done completely through social media .
This skill requires practices and can not be done fully through social media .
This skill requires practices and can not be done completely through social media sites .
This ability requires practices and can not be done completely through social media .
This skill needs practices and can not be done completely through social media .
This skill requires practices and may not be done completely through social media .
There is a situation where a family is having a dinner together in a restaurant but everybody is busy with their own gadget , posting picture in Facebook , updating status on Twitter , or even chatting with friends .
There is a situation where a family is having a dinner together in a n eatery but everybody is busy with their own gadget , posting picture in Facebook , updating status on Twitter , or even chatting with friends .
There is a situation where a family is having a dinner together in a restaurant but each person is busy with their own gadget , posting picture in Facebook , updating status on Twitter , or even chatting with friends .
There is a situation where a family is having a dinner together in a restaurant but everybody is preoccupied with their own gadget , posting picture in Facebook , updating status on Twitter , or even chatting with friends .
There is a situation where a family is having a dinner together in a restaurant but everybody is busy with their own device , posting picture in Facebook , updating status on Twitter , or even chatting with friends .
There is a situation where a family is having a dinner together in a restaurant but everybody is busy with their own gadget , posting picture in Facebook , updating status on Twitter , or even chatting with their friends .
These social media serves a purpose to bind people in spite of their geographical boundaries but it does n't mean that surrounding people are neglected as the payoff .
These social media sites serves a purpose to bind people in spite of their geographical boundaries but it does n't mean that surrounding people are neglected as the payoff .
These social media serves a purpose to bind people in spite of their geographical boundaries but it does n't mean that surrounding people are ignored as the payoff .
These social media serves a mission to bind people in spite of their geographical boundaries but it does n't mean that surrounding people are neglected as the payoff .
These social media serves a purpose to unite people in spite of their geographical boundaries but it does n't mean that surrounding people are neglected as the payoff .
These social media serves a purpose to bind people despite their geographical boundaries but it does n't mean that surrounding people are neglected as the payoff .
This is related to the interpersonal skill that is mentioned before , that can be decreasing qualitatively if we are used to facing gadget , not facing human being .
This is related to the communication skill that is mentioned before , that can be decreasing qualitatively if we are used to facing gadget , not facing human being .
This relates to the interpersonal skill that is mentioned before , that can be decreasing qualitatively if we are used to facing gadget , not facing human being .
This is related to the interpersonal skill that is mentioned before , that can be decreasing qualitatively if we are used to dealing with gadget , not facing human being .
This is related to the interpersonal skill that is mentioned before , that can be diminishing qualitatively if we are used to facing gadget , not facing human being .
This is related to the interpersonal skill that is mentioned before , that can be decreasing qualitatively if people are used to facing gadget , not facing human being .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected part of our lives , we build " false image " in public .
Another disadvantage that influences other people is that by only showing selected part of our lives , we build " false image " in public .
Another disadvantage that impacts other people is that by only showing selected part of our lives , we build " false image " in public .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected part of our lives , we build " false image " .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only displaying selected part of our lives , we build " false image " in public .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing certain part of our lives , we build " false image " in public .
We tend to only share our happy moments in media .
We tend to only share our enjoyable moments in media .
We tend to only share our happy time in media .
We are likely to only share our happy moments in media .
We tend to share our happy moments in media .
We tend to only show our happy moments in media .
Because of this , other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problem at all .
Because of this , other people begin to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problem at all .
Because of this , other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problem .
Because of this , other people start to think that our lives are full of felicity with no problem at all .
Because of this , people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problem at all .
Because of this , other friends start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problem at all .
Other people then are influenced by us and tend to do the same .
Other people then are affected by us and tend to do the same .
Other people then are impacted by us and tend to do the same .
Other people then are influenced by us and are likely to do the same .
Other people then are influenced by us and tend to do the same thing .
Other people then are influenced by it and tend to do the same .
As a result , people think of theirselves lowly and may lead to depression and mental disorder .
As a result , people think of theirselves lowly and may cause depression and mental disorder .
As a result , people think of theirselves lowly and may contribute to depression and mental disorder .
As a result , people think of theirselves lowly and may lead to depression and mental problem .
As a result , they think of theirselves lowly and may lead to depression and mental disorder .
As a result , people think of theirselves lowly and might lead to depression and mental disorder .
It also reduces our sympathy .
It even reduces our sympathy .
It also lowers our sympathy .
It also reduces our happiness .
It also reduces our feeling of sympathy .
This also reduces our sympathy .
This is a serious social problem and affects a lot of people .
This is a vital social problem and affects a lot of people .
This is a serious social problem and inluences a lot of people .
It is a serious social problem and affects a lot of people .
This is a serious problem and affects a lot of people .
This is a serious social issue and affects a lot of people .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give advantages .
As explained before , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give advantages .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give benefits .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give advantages to people .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give advantages to us .
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give dis advantages .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people may not realize of .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people may not know of .
There are a lot of disadvantages that human beings may not realize of .
There are a lot of disadvantages that they may not realize of .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people might not realize of .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people may not find of .
It is up to people 's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they want to take .
It is up to people 's discretion and comprehension to choose which side they want to take .
It is up to people 's discretion and understanding to decide which side they want to take .
It is up to people 's cautiousness and comprehension to decide which side they want to take .
It is up to people 's comprehension to decide which side they want to take .
It is up to people 's discretion to decide which side they want to take .
So , we should never forget to think of and calculate the benefit and loss of every decision that we make .
Still , we should never forget to think of and calculate the benefit and loss of every decision that we make .
So , we should never forget to think of and calculate the advantage and loss of every decision that we make .
So , we should remember to think of and calculate the benefit and loss of every decision that we make .
So , we should never forget to think of and calculate the benefit and loss of every decision which we make .
So , we should never forget to think of and calculate the benefit and loss of each decision that we make .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies improves the life of many people a lot .
Nowadays , the improvement of technologies improves the life of many people a lot .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies improves the life of people a lot .
Nowadays , the development of technologies improves the life of many people a lot .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies improves the life of human beings a lot .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies improves the life of a lot of people a lot .
In most of the countries , there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
In most of the countries , there is an emergence of social media web sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
In most of the countries , there is an emergence of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter .
In many of the countries , there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
In most of the places , there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
In most of the countries , there is an emergence of social media software such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that the social media sites have benefits on the communication between people while some others argue that there are several negative impacts for the society .
Many people think that the social media sites have benefits on the communication between people while some others think that there are several negative impacts for the society .
Many people think that the social media sites have benefits on the communication between people while some others argue that there are many negative impacts for the society .
Many people think that the social media sites have benefits on the communication between people while some others argue that there are several bad impacts for the society .
Many people think that the social media sites have benefits on the communication between people while some others argue that there are several negative impacts for the people .
Many people argue that the social media sites have benefits on the communication between people while some others argue that there are several negative impacts for the society .
One of the advantages which are carried by those social media sites is that they can connect us more closely than before .
One of the benefits which are carried by those social media sites is that they can connect us more closely than before .
One of the advantages which are carried by those social media sites is that they can link us more closely than before .
One of the advantages which are carried by those social media web sites is that they can connect us more closely than before .
One of the advantages which are carried by those social media sites is that they can connect people more closely than before .
One of the advantages which are carried by those social media sites is that they can connect friends more closely than before .
In the past decades , when the social media sites are not yet fully developed , people connect with others who live far away by using a phone , or even a letter .
In the past years , when the social media sites are not yet fully developed , people connect with others who live far away by using a phone , or even a letter .
In the past decades , when the social media sites are not yet fully developed , people connect with other people who live far away by using a phone , or even a letter .
In the past decades , when the social media web sites are not yet fully developed , people connect with others who live far away by using a phone , or even a letter .
In the past decades , when the social media sites are not yet greatly developed , people connect with others who live far away by using a phone , or even a letter .
In the past decades , when the social media sites are not yet fully developed , human beings connect with others who live far away by using a phone , or even a letter .
However , calling a person by using a phone and writing a person a letter require some cost , and sending a letter to a person who live far away , especially in villages , takes much time .
However , contacting a person by using a phone and writing a person a letter require some cost , and sending a letter to a person who live far away , especially in villages , takes much time .
However , calling a person by using a phone and writing a letter require some cost , and sending a letter to a person who live far away , especially in villages , takes much time .
However , calling a person by using a phone and writing a person a letter require some cost , and sending a letter to a person who live far away , especially in remote areas , takes much time .
However , calling a person by using a phone and writing a person a letter require some cost , and sending a letter to a person who live far away , especially in distant places , takes much time .
However , calling a person by using a phone and writing a person a letter need some cost , and sending a letter to a person who live far away , especially in villages , takes much time .
The appearance of those social media sites causes those problems to be solved .
The invention of those social media sites causes those problems to be solved .
The appearance of those social media web sites causes those problems to be solved .
The appearance of those social media software causes those problems to be solved .
The appearance of those social media sites causes these problems to be solved .
The appearance of those social media sites causes those difficulties to be solved .
People connecting through the social media sites can spend no money on the communication , and also take only one or a few seconds for the message to reach .
People interacting through the social media sites can spend no money on the communication , and also take only one or a few seconds for the message to reach .
People communicating through the social media sites can spend no money on the communication , and also take only one or a few seconds for the message to reach .
People connecting through the social media sites can spend no money on the communication , and also take only a few seconds for the message to reach .
People connecting through the social media sites can spend no money on the communication , and also take only one or a few seconds for the text to reach .
People connecting through the social media sites can spend little money on the communication , and also take only one or a few seconds for the message to reach .
Therefore , this advantage of social media sites saves money and time , and also provides convenience for many people .
Hence , this advantage of social media sites saves money and time , and also provides convenience for many people .
Thus , this advantage of social media sites saves money and time , and also provides convenience for many people .
Therefore , this benefit of social media sites saves money and time , and also provides convenience for many people .
Therefore , this advantage of social media sites saves time , and also provides convenience for many people .
Therefore , this advantage of social media sites saves money and time , and also provides convenience for people .
Moreover , this also provides an alternative way for people to contact a person whom they did not see for a very long time , such as their friends in primary school and secondary school .
In addition , this also provides an alternative way for people to contact a person whom they did not see for a very long time , such as their friends in primary school and secondary school .
Moreover , this also provides an alternative way for people to contact a person whom they did not see for a long time , such as their friends in primary school and secondary school .
Moreover , this also provides an alternative way for people to contact a person whom they did not see for a very long time , such as their friends in primary school .
Moreover , this also provides an alternative option for people to contact a person whom they did not see for a very long time , such as their friends in primary school and secondary school .
Moreover , this also provides a different way for people to contact a person whom they did not see for a very long time , such as their friends in primary school and secondary school .
As we graduate from a school , we will probably lose contact with some of our friends .
As we graduate from a university , we will probably lose contact with some of our friends .
As we graduate from a school , we will probably lose contact with many of our friends .
As we graduate from a school , we will probably lose contact with some of our close friends .
As we graduate from a school , we will probably lose contact with some of our old friends .
As we graduate from a school , we will probably lose connection with some of our friends .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we are not able to find them through a phone or a letter .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we are not able to find them through a letter .
Many of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we are not able to find them through a phone or a letter .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers , and we are not able to find them through a phone or a letter .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and home , and we are not able to find them through a phone or a letter .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we are not able to find them through a phone call or a letter .
If phone and letter are the only way to contact them , we would probably not able to find them .
If phone and letter are the only way to contact them , people would probably not able to find them .
If phone and letter are the only way to contact them , we would not able to find them .
If phone and letter are the only way to contact them , we would possibly not able to find them .
If phone and letter are the only way to contact them , we would probably not able to contact them .
If phone and letter are the only way to contact them , we would probably not able to find them in the world .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to make connection between us and our old friends .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to make connection between us and our friends .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to make connection between us and our best friends .
Facebook and Twitter can work as an alternative route to make connection between us and our old friends .
Facebook and Twitter can function as an alternative route to make connection between us and our old friends .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as a useful route to make connection between us and our old friends .
Hence , the social media sites serves as a platform for the connection .
Therefore , the social media sites serves as a platform for the connection .
Thus , the social media sites serves as a platform for the connection .
Hence , the social media web sites serves as a platform for the connection .
Hence , the social media sites serves as a way for the connection .
Hence , the social media sites serves as a channel for the connection .
Everything comes with benefits will also have their disadvantages .
Everything comes with advantages will also have their disadvantages .
Everything brings benefits will also have their disadvantages .
Everything has benefits will also have their disadvantages .
Everything comes with benefits will also have their disadvantages for people .
Everything comes with benefits will also have their disadvantages for human beings .
On the other hand , social media sites also bring some negative impacts for the people and the society .
On the other hand , social media sites also bring negative impacts for the people and the society .
On the other hand , social media sites also bring some bad impacts for the people and the society .
On the other hand , social media sites also bring some negative influences for the people and the society .
On the other hand , social media sites also bring some negative impacts for the people and the whole society .
On the other hand , social media sites also bring some negative impacts for the people and the world .
The advancement of those social media sites makes people so rely on them that some of them rather prefer using those sites to contact each other than talking to each other face to face .
The improvement of those social media sites makes people so rely on them that some of them rather prefer using those sites to contact each other than talking to each other face to face .
The development of those social media sites makes people so rely on them that some of them rather prefer using those sites to contact each other than talking to each other face to face .
The advancement of those social media web sites makes people so rely on them that some of them rather prefer using those sites to contact each other than talking to each other face to face .
The advancement of those social media sites causes people so rely on them that some of them rather prefer using those sites to contact each other than talking to each other face to face .
The advancement of those social media sites makes people so rely on them that many of them rather prefer using those sites to contact each other than talking to each other face to face .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem brought by social media sites .
Many people think that this is the most serious problem brought by social media sites .
Many people argue that this is the most important problem brought by social media sites .
A lot of people argue that this is the most serious problem brought by social media sites .
Some people argue that this is the most serious problem brought by social media sites .
Many people argue that this is the most serious issue brought by social media sites .
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in real life , which will in turn cause the lost of interpersonal skills for many people .
The use of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in real life , which will in turn cause the lost of interpersonal skills for many people .
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in life , which will in turn cause the lost of interpersonal skills for many people .
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in social life , which will in turn cause the lost of interpersonal skills for many people .
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in real life , which will in turn cause the lost of communication skills for many people .
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in real life , which will in turn cause the lost of interpersonal skills for people .
As we all know , the interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to present our views and ideas .
As we all know , the interpersonal skills are important for us to communicate with each other and to present our views and ideas .
As we all know , the interpersonal skills are crucial for us to communicate with each other and to present our views and ideas .
As we all know , the interpersonal skills are essential for us to interact with each other and to present our views and ideas .
As we all know , the interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to share our views and ideas .
As we all know , the interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to present our views .
The lost of interpersonal skills results in the inability for people to well present their ideas .
The lost of communication skills results in the inability for people to well present their ideas .
The lost of interaction skills results in the inability for people to well present their ideas .
The lost of interpersonal skills causes the inability for people to well present their ideas .
The lost of interpersonal skills results in the inability for people to well share their ideas .
The lost of interpersonal skills results in the inability for people to well share their ideas .
As a result , they will gradually decrease in their ability to compete with each other in the society .
As a result , they will gradually decrease in their ability to compete with other s in the society .
As a result , they will gradually decrease in their ability to compete with each other in the real society .
As a result , they will gradually reduce in their ability to compete with each other in the society .
As a result , they will gradually decrease in their capacity to compete with each other in the society .
As a result , they will gradually decrease in their communication ability to compete with each other in the society .
In conclusion , social media sites cause both positive and negative consequences for people and society .
In conclusion , social media web sites cause both positive and negative consequences for people and society .
In conclusion , social media sites bring both positive and negative consequences for people and society .
In conclusion , social media sites cause both positive and negative influences for people and society .
In conclusion , social media sites cause both positive and negative consequences for people .
In conclusion , social media sites give rise to both positive and negative consequences for people and society .
As a part of this modern society , we should learn to distinguish between good and bad impacts brought by the advancement of technologies , and also learn to avoid the cons and maximize the benefits of those sites .
As a part of this modern society , we should learn to distinguish between good and bad influences brought by the advancement of technologies , and also learn to avoid the cons and maximize the benefits of those sites .
As a part of this modern society , we should learn to distinguish between good and bad impacts brought by the improvement of technologies , and also learn to avoid the cons and maximize the benefits of those sites .
As a part of this modern society , we should learn to distinguish between good and bad impacts brought by the development of technologies , and also learn to avoid the cons and maximize the benefits of those web sites .
As a part of this modern society , we should learn to make a distinction between good and bad impacts brought by the advancement of technologies , and also learn to avoid the cons and maximize the benefits of those sites .
As a part of this modern society , we should learn to distinguish between good and bad impacts brought by the advancement of technologies , and also learn to avert the cons and maximize the benefits of those sites .
With the advancement of technology in recent years , the need to keep in-touch with people and latest news has become a tremendous demand .
With the advancement of technology in recent decades , the need to keep in-touch with people and latest news has become a tremendous demand .
With the advancement of technology in recent years , the need to keep in-touch with human beings and latest news has become a tremendous demand .
With the development of technology in recent years , the need to keep in-touch with people and latest news has become a tremendous demand .
With the advancement of technology in these years , the need to keep in-touch with people and latest news has become a tremendous demand .
With the advancement of technology in recent years , the need to keep in-touch with huge and latest news has become a tremendous demand .
Some of the famous examples would be social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Some of the famous examples would be social media sites like Twitter .
Some of the famous examples would be social media web sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Some of the famous examples would be social media software like Twitter and Facebook .
Many of the famous examples would be social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Some of the distinguished examples would be social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
With an increasing users of more than billion users from all over the world , social media sites have demonstrated clearly its success in playing an important part of our life .
With an increasing users of more than billion users from all around the world , social media sites have demonstrated clearly its success in playing an important part of our life .
With an increasing users of more than billion users from all over the world , social media sites have shown clearly its success in playing an important part of our life .
With an increasing users of more than billion users from all over the world , social media sites have demonstrated clearly its success in playing an essential part of our life .
With an increasing users of more than billion users from all over the world , social media sites have demonstrated clearly its success in playing an important role of our life .
With an increasing users of more than billion users from all over the world , social media sites have displayed clearly its success in playing an important part of our life .
However , there are arguments that social media life brings in a reduction in face-to-face human contact , which in turn affects interpersonal skills .
However , there are arguments that social media life causes in a reduction in face-to-face human contact , which in turn affects interpersonal skills .
However , there are arguments that social media life brings in a reduction in face-to-face human interaction , which in turn affects interpersonal skills .
However , there are arguments that social media life brings in a reduction in face-to-face human communication , which in turn affects interpersonal skills .
However , there are arguments that social media life brings in a reduction in face-to-face human contact , which in turn influences interpersonal skills .
However , there are arguments that social media life brings in a reduction in face-to-face human contact , which in turn affects communication skills .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and society .
Let 's probe into the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and society .
Let 's examine the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life and society .
Next part , let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and society .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and what it has brought to the society .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and study .
First and foremost , all social media sites are free .
First and foremost , all social media sites are free to use .
First and foremost , not all social media sites are free .
First and foremost , some social media sites are expensive .
First and foremost , most of social media sites are free .
First and foremost , several social media sites are membership-based .
All users ' needs are an internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in social media life .
All users ' needs are an internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their exploration in social media life .
All users ' needs are an internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in social media space .
All users ' needs are an internet joint and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in social media life .
All users ' needs are an internet connection and an email address so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in social media life .
All requirements users ' needs to be satisfied are an internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in social media life .
Secondly , it helps people to keep in-touch with one another .
For perspective , it helps people to keep in-touch with one another .
Secondly , it enables people to keep in-touch with one another .
Secondly , it helps people to keep in-touch with one another anytime people want .
Secondly , it significantly helps people to keep in-touch with one another .
Secondly , it makes sense that people keep in-touch with one another .
Finding old friends through Facebook , for example , is more easier than asking people around in real life .
Re-contacting old friends through Facebook , for example , is more easier than asking people around in real life .
Finding old friends through Facebook , to be honest , is more easier than asking people around in real life .
Finding old friends through Facebook , for example , is much more easier than asking people around in real life .
Finding old friends through Facebook , for example , is more easier than asking others for help in real life .
Finding old friends through Facebook , for example , is more easier than asking common friends around in real life .
Social media helps to lessen the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Social media contributes to lessening the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Social media helps to lessen the inconvenience of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Social media helps to lessen the hassle of spacial distance and brings people closer .
Social media helps to lessen the hassle of geographical distance and brings people more intimate .
Social media helps to whittle down the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Thirdly , social media sites keep us up-to-date on latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world , all with a click away on the refresh button .
Besides that , social media sites keep us up-to-date on latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world , all with a click away on the refresh button .
Thirdly , social media sites keep us up-to-date on latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world , all with a click away on the refresh button in several seconds .
Thirdly , social media sites allow us to stay on top of latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world , all with a click away on the refresh button .
Thirdly , social media sites keep us up-to-date on latest news and updates that's just happening almost everywhere in the world , all with a click away on the refresh button .
Thirdly , social media sites keep us up-to-date on latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world , all of these actions with a click away on the refresh button .
Last but not least , social media sites also link people together through allowing us to create our own groups , pages or sites to share our hobbies , interests and studies in particular subjects .
Last but not least , social media sites also link people together through allowing us to create our own chat groups , pages or sites to share our hobbies , interests and studies in particular subjects .
Last but not least , social media sites also link people together through allowing us to create our own groups , pages or sites to share our hobbies , interests and research in particular subjects .
Last but not least , social media sites also link strangers together through allowing us to create our own groups , pages or sites to share our hobbies , interests and studies in particular subjects .
Last but not least , social media sites also connect people together through allowing us to create our own groups , pages or sites to share our hobbies , interests and studies in particular subjects .
Last but not least , social media sites also link people together through allowing us to create our own groups , pages or sites where we can share our hobbies , interests and studies in particular subjects .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world .
Even obvious , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world .
Hence , there is no denying that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world .
Hence , there is no escaping the fact that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world and contribute so much to our life .
To put that into perspective , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world .
However , social media sites also have its second side of negative impact on human .
However , social media sites also have its second side of negative impact on human and our social ability in real life .
However , social media sites indeed have its second side of negative impact on human .
However , social media sites also have its second side of undeniably negative impact on human .
However , social media sites also have its second side of negative influence on human .
Of course , social media sites also have its second side of negative impact on human .
Undeniable , it becomes more addicting when we spend more time busy socialising and interacting virtually .
Undeniable , it becomes more addicting when we spend more time busy socialising and interacting in real life .
Undeniable , it becomes more addicting when we spend more time busy socialising and interacting with other people .
Undeniable , it becomes more addicting when we spend more time busy socialising and interacting with our friends .
Undeniable , it turns to be more addicting when we spend more time busy socialising and interacting virtually .
Undeniable , it becomes more addicting when people spend more time busy socialising and interacting virtually .
We spend majority of our time on sites like Facebook , Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
We spend majority of our time on sites like Facebook , Twitter and it influences our daily work productivity and performance .
We spend majority of our time on sites like Facebook , Twitter and it impacts our daily work productivity and performance .
We spend majority of our time on sites like Facebook , Twitter and it affects our daily work efficiency and performance .
We spend majority of our time on pages like Facebook , Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
We spend majority of our time on social media like Facebook , Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
In corporate world , employers often block social media network to prevent employees to spend their office time on their personal leisure than concentrating on their work .
In corporate world , employers often block social media network to prevent employees to spend their time on their personal leisure than concentrating on their work .
In corporate world , employers often block social media network to prevent employees to spend a lot of their office time on their personal leisure than concentrating on their work .
In corporate world , employers often block social media network to prevent employees to spend their office time on their private leisure than concentrating on their work .
In corporate world , employers often block social media network to prevent employees to spend their office time on their personal things than concentrating on their work .
In corporate world , employers often block social media network to prevent employees to spend their office time on their personal issues than concentrating on their work .
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media network also brings in a bad impact for us in a long term .
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of interacting on social media network also brings in a bad impact for us in a long term .
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media network also brings in a bad impact for us in a long period .
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media network also brings in a bad impact for us in a long period of time .
Using text-messaging language as a way of communicating on social media network also brings in a bad impact for us in a long term .
Using text-messaging language as a normal way of communicating on social media network also brings in a bad impact for us in a long term .
The more time we spend on these sites , the lesser time we spend on face-to-face interacting with one another .
The more time we spend on these sites , the lesser time we spend on face-to-face interacting with others .
The more time we spend on these web sites , the lesser time we spend on face-to-face interacting with one another .
The more time we spend on these sites , the lesser time we spend on face-to-face interacting with each other .
The more time we spend on these sites , the lesser time we spend on face-to-face interacting with our friends .
The more time we spend on these sites , the lesser time we spend on face-to-face interacting with other people .
Hence it lessens valuable interaction between human and time we spend away from the computer screen or mobile phone .
Hence it reduces valuable interaction between human and time we spend away from the computer screen or mobile phone .
Hence it lessens interaction between human and time we spend away from the computer screen or mobile phone .
Hence it lessens valuable interaction between human and time we spend away from the computer or mobile phone .
Hence it lessens valuable interaction between human and time we spend away from the computer screen or phone .
Hence it lessens valuable interaction between human and time we spend away from the computer screen or mobile phone in our daily life .
In addition , there are also some false reports and fake IDs occur on both social media sites that people use fake ID to insult or harass someone , like the case of Heather Chua occurred recently on Facebook .
Besides , there are also some false reports and fake IDs occur on both social media sites that people use fake ID to insult or harass someone , like the case of Heather Chua occurred recently on Facebook .
In addition , there are also some pseudo reports and fake IDs occur on both social media sites that people use fake ID to insult or harass someone , like the case of Heather Chua occurred recently on Facebook .
In addition , there are also some false reports and fake IDs occur on both social media sites that people use fake ID to insult or threaten someone , like the case of Heather Chua occurred recently on Facebook .
In addition , there are also some false reports and fake IDs occur on both social media sites that people use fake ID to humiliate or harass someone , like the case of Heather Chua occurred recently on Facebook .
In addition , there are also some false reports and fake IDs occur on both social media sites that people use fake ID to insult or harass other people , like the case of Heather Chua occurred recently on Facebook .
These malicious comments often go viral and it creates a strong negative effect on the real user in real life , which might lead to unwilling attitude to interact with others in real life by the victim .
These malicious comments often go viral and it has a strong negative effect on the real user in real life , which might lead to unwilling attitude to interact with others in real life by the victim .
These malicious comments often go viral and it creates a negative effect on the real user in real life , which might lead to unwilling attitude to interact with others in real life by the victim .
These malicious comments often go viral and it creates a strong negative effect on the real user in real life , which might contribute to unwilling attitude to interact with others in real life by the victim .
These malicious comments often go viral and it creates a strong negative effect on the real user in real life , which might lead to unwilling attitude to communicate with others in real life by the victim .
These malicious comments often go viral and it creates a strong negative effect on the real user in real life , which might lead to unwilling attitude to interact with other people in real life by the victim .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sided affect and it depends on how we exploit it .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sided affect and it depends on how we use it .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sided affect and it depends on how we explore it .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sided affect and it depends on how we look at it .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sided affect and it depends on how people exploit it .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sided affect and it depends on how human beings exploit it .
With current booming technology , it is agreeable that people become more technology-savvy and they want to spend more time interacting with each others through social media sites , however , it does not mean that we should neglect face-to-face human interaction as it plays even a more important aspect in our life .
With current booming technology , it is agreeable that people become more technology-savvy and they want to spend more time communicating with each others through social media sites , however , it does not mean that we should neglect face-to-face human interaction as it plays even a more important aspect in our life .
With current booming technology , it is agreeable that people become more technology-savvy and they want to spend more time talking with each others through social media sites , however , it does not mean that we should neglect face-to-face human interaction as it plays even a more important aspect in our life .
With current booming technology , it is agreeable that people become more technology-savvy and they want to spend more time interacting with each others through social media sites , however , it does not mean that we should ignore face-to-face human interaction as it plays even a more important aspect in our life .
With current booming technology , it is agreeable that people become more technology-savvy and they want to spend more time interacting with each others through social media sites , however , it does not mean that we should neglect face-to-face human communication as it plays even a more important aspect in our life .
With current booming technology , it is agreeable that people become more technology-savvy and they want to spend more time interacting with each others through social media sites , however , it does not mean that we should neglect face-to-face human interaction as it plays even a more essential aspect in our life .
As more and more social websites such as Twitter , Facebook and Weibo which have become ubiquitous , seamless and imperative in our life , people may worry about the young generation having problems in face-to-face communication skills .
As more and more social sites such as Twitter , Facebook and Weibo which have become ubiquitous , seamless and imperative in our life , people may worry about the young generation having problems in face-to-face communication skills .
As more and more social software such as Twitter , Facebook and Weibo which have become ubiquitous , seamless and imperative in our life , people may worry about the young generation having problems in face-to-face communication skills .
As more and more social websites such as Twitter , Facebook and Weibo which have become widespread , seamless and imperative in our life , people may worry about the young generation having problems in face-to-face communication skills .
As more and more social websites such as Twitter , Facebook and Weibo which have become ubiquitous , seamless and necessary in our life , people may worry about the young generation having problems in face-to-face communication skills .
As more and more social websites such as Twitter , Facebook and Weibo which have become ubiquitous , seamless and essential in our life , people may worry about the young generation having problems in face-to-face communication skills .
However , I believe that the benefits brought by these online chatting rooms tremendously outweigh their repercussions .
Moreover , I believe that the benefits brought by these online chatting rooms tremendously outweigh their repercussions .
However , I think that the benefits brought by these online chatting rooms tremendously outweigh their repercussions .
However , I believe that the advantages brought by these online chatting rooms tremendously outweigh their repercussions .
However , I believe that the benefits brought by these online chatting apps tremendously outweigh their repercussions .
However , I believe that the benefits brought by these online chatting rooms greatly outweigh their repercussions .
Social media enables us to explore the world far far away without paying expensive airplane tickets and sparing a one-week holiday .
Social media enables us to explore the world far away without paying expensive airplane tickets and sparing a one-week holiday .
Social media enables us to explore the world far far away without paying airplane tickets and sparing a one-week holiday .
Social media sites enables people to explore the world far far away without paying expensive airplane tickets and sparing a one-week holiday .
Social media enables us to explore the society far far away without paying expensive airplane tickets and sparing a one-week holiday .
Social media enables us to explore the world far far away without paying expensive airplane tickets and sparing a one-month holiday .
The convenience is beyond description .
The convenience brought by it is beyond description .
The convenience is certainly beyond description .
The convenience is beyond description in real life .
The convenience brought to people is beyond description .
The convenience brought to human life is beyond description .
With a small smart phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide with a 'click ' and get to know about their life through having conversations with them , reading their blogs , photos and status .
With a small phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide with a 'click ' and get to know about their life through having conversations with them , reading their blogs , photos and status .
With a small smart phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can quickly make friends worldwide with a 'click ' and get to know about their life through having conversations with them , reading their blogs , photos and status .
With a small smart phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can easily make friends globally with a 'click ' and get to know about their life through having conversations with them , reading their blogs , photos and status .
With a small smart phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide with a 'click ' and get to know about their life through having conversations with them , reading their blogs , images and status .
With a small smart phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can easily make a lot of friends worldwide with a 'click ' and get to know about their life through having conversations with them , reading their blogs , photos and status .
Compared to face-to-face interaction , online conversation is easier for strangers to open their mouth to each other .
Compared to face-to-face communication , online conversation is easier for strangers to open their mouth to each other .
Compared to face-to-face interaction , online conversation is easier for people to open their mouth to each other .
Compared to face-to-face interaction , online conversation is easier for young people to open their mouth to each other .
Compared to face-to-face interaction , online conversation is easier for teenagers to open their mouth to each other .
Compared to face-to-face interaction , online conversation is easier for netizens to open their mouth to each other .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about .
As some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about .
Since some of the information has already been presented on the home page , it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also quicker to find some common topics to talk about .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier to find some common things to talk about .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is easier to find some common topics to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to share boldly about their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
Still , people usually like to share boldly about their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
Moreover , people usually like to share directly about their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
Moreover , people usually like to share boldly about their true feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
Moreover , people usually tend to share boldly about their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
Moreover , people usually like to present boldly about their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
This has been indicated in a report done by Boston University in 2012 , 80 % of information posted online is true while a person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life .
This has been discussed in a report done by Boston University in 2012 , 80 % of information posted online is true while a person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life .
This has been shown in a report done by Boston University in 2012 , 80 % of information posted online is true while a person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life .
It has been indicated in a report done by Boston University in 2012 , 80 % of information posted online is true while a person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life .
This has been indicated in a research done by Boston University in 2012 , 80 % of information posted online is true while a person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life .
This has been indicated in a report done by Boston University in 2012 , 80 % of information posted online is correct while a person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life .
This shows that a facebook friend may know more about you than your close friend who does not have a facebook account .
It shows that a facebook friend may know more about you than your close friend who does not have a facebook account .
This shows that a facebook friend may know more about you than your best friend who does not have a facebook account .
This indicates that a facebook friend may know more about you than your close friend who does not have a facebook account .
This shows that a facebook friend might know more about you than your close friend who does not have a facebook account .
This shows that a facebook friend may know more about you than your old friend who does not have a facebook account .
That is because we are acting who we are in reality while we have no reason to do that in the online virtual world .
That is because we are acting who we are to be better in reality while we have no reason to do that in the online virtual world .
That is because we are acting who we are in reality while we have no reason to do that in the online virtual space .
That is because we are acting who we are in reality while we have no reason to do so and are more eager to be our true selves in the online virtual world .
That is because we are acting who we want to be in reality while we have no reason to do that in the online virtual world .
That is because we are acting who we are in real life while we have no reason to do that in the online virtual world .
Although sometimes those genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as prevalent using of vulgarity and harsh-meaning comments , we can minimize those repercussions through strict regulations of content online .
Although sometimes those outright sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as prevalent using of vulgarity and harsh-meaning comments , we can minimize those repercussions through strict regulations of content online .
Although sometimes those genuine sharing of information may be incorrect or even harmful , such as prevalent using of vulgarity and harsh-meaning comments , we can minimize those repercussions through strict regulations of content online .
Although sometimes those genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as the widespread using of vulgarity and harsh-meaning comments , we can minimize those repercussions through strict regulations of content online .
Although sometimes those genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as prevalent using of vulgarity and caustic comments , we can minimize those repercussions through strict regulations of content online .
Although sometimes those genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as prevalent using of vulgarity and harsh-meaning comments , we can reduce those repercussions through strict regulations of content online .
Another advantage of social media is in aiding the spread of democracy .
Another advantage of social media is in aiding the spread of democracy and equality .
Another advantage of social media is in aiding the spread of for everyone in the virtual world is equal .
Another significant advantage of social media is in aiding the spread of democracy .
Another benefit of social media is in aiding the spread of democracy .
Another advantage of social media is in aiding the propagating of democracy .
People around the world could easily share their thoughts about their governments .
People from different countries around the world could easily share their thoughts about their governments .
People around the world could easily share their thoughts and ideas about their governments .
People around the world could easily share their thoughts about their governments even their president .
People around the world could easily share their thoughts about their governments in the social media sites .
People around the world could anonymously share their thoughts about their governments .
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what actually is happening around them .
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what actually is happening around them , let alone world news .
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people have little knowledge of what actually is happening around them .
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what actually is happening around the world .
That avoids the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what actually is happening around them .
That eliminates the asymmetric information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what actually is happening around them .
One of the examples is the 2012 riots happened in Egypt and Zambia .
One of the stories is the 2012 riots happened in Egypt and Zambia .
One of the examples is the 2012 riots happened in Egypt and Zambia , which caused a great sensation at the time .
One of the reasons for this fact is the 2012 riots happened in Egypt and Zambia .
One of the examples is the 2012 riots happened in Egypt and Zambia , which may give us an answer .
One of the incidents is the 2012 riots happened in Egypt and Zambia .
The idea of searching for democracy is passed from Egyptians to people in Zambia quickly through the use of social media .
The idea of seeking for democracy is passed from Egyptians to people in Zambia quickly through the use of social media .
The idea of searching for democracy is spread from Egyptians to people in Zambia quickly through the use of social media .
The thought of searching for democracy is passed from Egyptians to people in Zambia quickly through the use of social media .
The idea of searching for equality is passed from Egyptians to people in Zambia quickly through the use of social media .
The idea of searching for democracy is passed from Ukrainians to people in Zambia quickly through the use of social media .
However , as the government controls most of the media .
As a result , as the government controls most of the media .
However , eventually the government controls most of the media .
However , as the government controls all the media .
However , as the government gets command of most of the media .
However , as the government controls most of the orgnizations .
These social media may be tools of their campaign and manipulating the thoughts of the public .
These social media may be channels of their campaign and manipulating the thoughts of the public .
These social media may be tools of their campaign and manipulating the minds of the public .
These social media may turn to be tools of their campaign and manipulating the thoughts of the public .
These social media may be tools of their victory and manipulating the thoughts of the public .
These social media may sink into tools of their campaign and manipulating the thoughts of the public .
For example , in 2012 general election is Singapore , Dr Tan Chee Keong made use of facebook to spread his campaign videos to the public .
For example , in 2012 general election is Singapore , Dr Tan Chee Keong made use of social media sites to spread his campaign videos to the public .
For example , in 2012 general election is Singapore , Dr Tan Chee Keong made use of facebook to spread his campaign videos to the public to win the presidency .
For example , in 2012 general election is Singapore , Dr Tan Chee Keong made use of facebook to propagandize his campaign videos to the public .
For instance , in 2012 general election is Singapore , Dr Tan Chee Keong made use of facebook to spread his campaign videos to the public .
For example , in 2012 general election is Singapore , Dr Tan Chee Keong , one of the candidates , use of facebook to spread his campaign videos to the public .
Though because of this , social media is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional medias .
Though because of this reason , social media is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional medias .
Though because of this , social media platform is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional medias .
Though because of this , social media is still a much fairer and more translucent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional medias .
Though because of this , social media is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the users to share ideas compared to other traditional medias .
Though because of this , social media is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional medias to some extent .
Intensive use of Social media does reduce the time people spend in face-to-face communication .
Massive use of Social media does reduce the time people spend in face-to-face communication .
Intensive use of Social media does lessen the time people spend in face-to-face communication .
Intensive use of Social media does reduce the total time people spend in face-to-face communication .
Intensive use of Social media does reduce the time family spend in face-to-face communication .
Intensive use of Social media does reduce the time people spend in face-to-face communication naturally .
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that a group of people sitting together around a table with each of them having a cell phone in their hands .
It is commonly shown in a food court or restaurant that a group of people sitting together around a table with each of them having a cell phone in their hands .
It is commonly seen in a food canteen or restaurant that a group of people sitting together around a table with each of them having a cell phone in their hands .
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that a group of people sitting together around a table with each of them having a smart phone in their hands .
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that a group of people sitting together around a round table with each of them having a cell phone in their hands .
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that a group of people sitting together around a table with each of them holding a cell phone in their hands .
They are too busy with their way too many virtual friends and some of them neglect the feelings of their real-life friends .
They are too occupied with their way too many virtual friends and some of them neglect the feelings of their real-life friends .
They are too busy with their way too many online friends and some of them neglect the feelings of their real-life friends .
They are too busy with their way too many virtual friends and therefore some of them neglect the feelings of their real-life friends .
They are too busy with their way too many virtual friends and some of them overlook the feelings of their real-life friends .
They are too busy with their way too many virtual friends and some of them neglect the feelings of their actual friends .
In this case , I have to say that to err is human .
In this way , I have to say that to err is human .
In this point , I have to say that to err is human .
In this case , I have to express that to err is human .
In this case , I have to say that err is human .
In this case , I have to say that to err is human being .
What we can do is to educate the public about the importance of their friends just by their side and teach them to manage their time well .
What we can do is to meliorate the public about the importance of their friends just by their side and teach them to manage their time well .
What we can do is to educate the public about the significance of their friends just by their side and teach them to manage their time well .
What we can do is to educate the public about the importance of their friends just by their side and instruct, them to manage their time well .
What we can do is to educate the public about the importance of their friends just by their side and teach them to deal with their time well .
What we can do is to educate the public about the importance of their friends just by their side and teach them to manage their spare time well .
In conclusion , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lifes .
In a word , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lifes .
In brief , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lifes .
In conclusion , the existence of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lifes .
In conclusion , the use of social media has much more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lifes .
In conclusion , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our everyday lifes .
What we can do is to cautiously manage our time spent online and manage our words used online .
What we can do is to discreetly manage our time spent online and manage our words used online .
What we can do is to charily manage our time spent online and manage our words used online .
What we can do is to cautiously utilize our time spent online and manage our words used online .
What we can do is to cautiously manage our time spent online and plan our words used online .
What we can do is to cautiously manage our time spent online and manage our words used online at any time .
With the regulation of government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
With the dominance of government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
With the regulation of government and correlative authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
With the regulation of government and relevant polities , the virtual world would be a better world .
With the regulation of government and relevant authorities , the online world would be a better world .
With the regulation of government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world instead .
Social media sites ' role in connecting people around the world is undeniable .
Social media platforms ' role in connecting people around the world is undeniable .
Social media sites ' role in jointing people around the world is undeniable .
Social media sites ' role in connecting people around the world is incontestable .
Social media sites ' role in connecting people around the world is undisputable .
Social media sites ' role in connecting people around the world is incontrovertible .
Thank to those social media , the communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Thank to those social media , the exchange among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Thank to those social media , the communication among people all around the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Thank to those social media , the communication among people all over the world is realized and can be done with ease .
Thank to various social media , the communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Thank to social media , the communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Apart from the ease of communication despite of the distance , many other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trades can be done through social media as well .
Except from the ease of communication despite of the distance , many other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trades can be done through social media as well .
Apart from the ease of exchange despite of the distance , many other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trades can be done through social media as well .
Apart from the ease of communication despite of the distance , plenty of other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trades can be done through social media as well .
Apart from the ease of communication despite of the distance , many other advantages such as information sharing and trades can be done through social media as well .
Apart from the ease of communication despite of the distance , many other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trades can be done via social media as well .
Nevertheless , with those advantages , some disadvantages may appear such as reduction in face-to-face human contact which affects interpersonal skills , privacy issue , as well as some frauds that can be done through social media .
Nonetheless , with those advantages , some disadvantages may appear such as reduction in face-to-face human contact which affects interpersonal skills , privacy issue , as well as some frauds that can be done through social media .
Nevertheless , with those advantages , some disadvantages may emerge such as reduction in face-to-face human contact which affects interpersonal skills , privacy issue , as well as some frauds that can be done through social media .
Nevertheless , with those advantages , some disadvantages may appear such as reduction in face-to-face human contact which affects interpersonal skills , privacy issue , as well as some frauds that can be done by means of social media .
Nevertheless , with those advantages , some disadvantages of social media may appear such as reduction in face-to-face human contact which affects interpersonal skills , privacy issue , as well as some frauds that can be done through social media .
Nevertheless , with those advantages , some disadvantages may appear such as reduction in face-to-face human contact which has bad effects on interpersonal skills , privacy issue , as well as some frauds that can be done through social media .
Twitter , Facebook and Skype are some social media sites which enable us to keep in touch with our friends or family who are in other cities or countries .
Twitter , Facebook and Skype are some social media sites which enable us to stay in touch with our friends or family who are in other cities or countries .
Twitter , Facebook and Skype are social media sites which enable us to keep in touch with our friends or family who are in other cities or countries .
Twitter , Facebook and Skype are some social media sites which enable us to keep in touch with our friends or family members who are in other cities or countries .
Twitter , Facebook and Skype are some social media sites which enable us to keep in touch with our friends or family who are in other provinces or countries .
Twitter , Facebook and Skype are some social media sites which make it possible for us to keep in touch with our friends or family who are in other cities or countries .
Through those sites we are able to talk to them , to know what their activities are and who their friends are , etc. From the surface point of view it is no doubt that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite of the distance .
Through those social media sites we are able to talk to them , to know what their activities are and who their friends are , etc. From the surface point of view it is no doubt that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite of the distance .
Through those sites we are able to talk to them , to know what their activities are and who their friends are , etc. From the surface point of view it is no doubt that these sites enable us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite of the distance .
Through those sites we are able to talk to them , to know what their activities are and who their friends are , etc. From the surface point of view it is no doubt that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite of the distance between us .
Through those sites we are able to chat with them , to know what their activities are and who their friends are , etc. From the surface point of view it is no doubt that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite of the distance .
By those sites we are able to talk to them , to know what their activities are and who their friends are , etc. From the surface point of view it is no doubt that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite of the distance .
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well , that is why nowadays many news publishers make their own social media account , for example Channel News Asia has a twitter account and will update its follower with headline news .
The sharing of information can be done faster via social media as well , that is why nowadays many news publishers make their own social media account , for example Channel News Asia has a twitter account and will update its follower with headline news .
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well , that is the reason why nowadays many news publishers make their own social media account , for example Channel News Asia has a twitter account and will update its follower with headline news .
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well , that is why today many news publishers make their own social media account , for example Channel News Asia has a twitter account and will update its follower with headline news .
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well , that is why nowadays many news publishers establish their own social media account , for example Channel News Asia has a twitter account and will update its follower with headline news .
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well , that is why nowadays many news publishers make their own social media account , for example Channel News Asia has a twitter account and update s its follower with headline news .
That shows how actually news and information can be shared easily through social media .
That demonstrates how actually news and information can be shared easily through social media .
That shows the reason why actually news and information can be shared easily through social media .
That shows how actually knowledge and information can be shared easily through social media .
That shows how actually news and information can be shared without difficulty through social media .
That shows how actually news and information can be shared easily via social media .
Furthermore , since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media , these information can reach them easily without them need to watch or listen to the news reports .
Moreover , since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media , these information can reach them easily without them need to watch or listen to the news reports .
Furthermore , since many students and young adults are fans of social media , these information can reach them easily without them need to watch or listen to the news reports .
Furthermore , since many teenagers and young adults are truely fans of social media , these information can reach them easily without them need to watch or listen to the news reports .
Furthermore , since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media , these information can be sent to them easily without them need to watch or listen to the news reports .
Furthermore , many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media , these information can reach them easily without them need to watch or listen to the news reports .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people start to do their business via these sites .
Because of the popularity of social media , many people start to do their business via these sites .
Due to the prevalence of social media , many people start to do their business via these sites .
Due to the popularity of social media , a growing number of people start to do their business via these sites .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people start to do their business through these sites .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people start to do their online business via these sites .
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook , whether it is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online , we can get to buy and contact the sellers through those sites , which can be considered as an advantage for us , the buyers .
A growing number of advertisements can be found on Facebook , whether it is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online , we can get to buy and contact the sellers through those sites , which can be considered as an advantage for us , the buyers .
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook , whether it is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online , we can get to buy and contact the sellers via those sites , which can be considered as an advantage for us , the buyers .
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook , whether it is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online , we can get to buy and communicate with the sellers through those sites , which can be considered as an advantage for us , the buyers .
More and more posts can be found on Facebook , whether it is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online , we can get to buy and contact the sellers through those sites , which can be considered as an advantage for us , the buyers .
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook , whether it is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online , we can get to buy and contact the sellers through these sites , which can be considered as an advantage for us , the buyers .
However , is it the same when we keep in touch with someone virtually compared to when we meet them personally ?
Moreover , is it the same when we keep in touch with someone virtually compared to when we meet them personally ?
However , is it the same when we keep in touch with others virtually compared to when we meet them personally ?
However , is it the same when we keep in touch with other people virtually compared to when we meet them personally ?
However , is it the same when we keep in touch with someone virtually compared to when we communicate with them personally ?
However , is it the same when we keep in touch with someone virtually compared to when we talk with them personally ?
I do think there is difference in it and I believe many of us will agree .
I do think there is difference in it and I think many of us will agree .
I do think there is difference in it and I believe a lot of of us will agree .
I do know there is difference in it and I believe many of us will agree .
I do think there is difference in it and I believe many of us will agree with that .
I do think there is difference in it and I believe many of us will agree with me .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our through feelings and many not become ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
When we write or interact virtually , we can hide our through feelings and many not become ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our through feelings and many not become ourselves because we do not want the other party to judge us .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our through feelings and many not become ourselves since we do not want the other people to judge us .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our through feelings and many not become ourselves since we do not want the other party to comment on us .
When we communicate virtually , we can hide our through feelings and many not become ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
Other than that , sometimes the message of one party can not be delivered properly to the other one since the communication is done through written language , and thus the 'tone ' of the message sent and when it is received may be different .
Rather than that , sometimes the message of one party can not be delivered properly to the other one since the communication is done through written language , and thus the 'tone ' of the message sent and when it is received may be different .
Other than that , sometimes the information of one party can not be delivered properly to the other one since the communication is done through written language , and thus the 'tone ' of the message sent and when it is received may be different .
Other than that , sometimes the message of one party can not be presented properly to the other one since the communication is done through written language , and thus the 'tone ' of the message sent and when it is received may be different .
Other than that , sometimes the message of one party can not be conveyed properly to the other one since the communication is done through written language , and thus the 'tone ' of the message sent and when it is received may be different .
Other than that , sometimes the message of one party can not be delivered properly to the other one since the interaction is done through written language , and thus the 'tone ' of the message sent and when it is received may be different .
Many people are very brave in telling people about their opinions online but in real life some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
Many people are very confident in telling people about their opinions online but in real life some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
Many people are very brave in telling people about their thoughts online but in real life some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
Many people are very brave in telling people about their ideas online but in real life some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
Many people are very brave in telling people about their opinions online but in real life some of them can be very introversive and not outspoken at all .
Many people are pretty brave in telling people about their opinions online but in real life some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
This will lead to a bad inter-personal skill as well as a problem of trusts .
This will contribute to a bad inter-personal skill as well as a problem of trusts .
This will cause a bad inter-personal skill as well as a problem of trusts .
This will lead to a bad inter-personal skill as well as a concern of trusts .
It will lead to a bad inter-personal skill as well as a problem of trusts .
This will lead to a bad inter-personal skill and a problem of trusts .
Nowadays we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even 'real' .
Nowadays we can not really believe new people whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even 'real' .
Nowadays we can not really trust new friends whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even 'real' .
Nowadays we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media because we will never know whether they are even 'real' .
Nowadays we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even 'true' .
Nowadays we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we can never know whether they are even 'real' .
Some people fake their identities in media sites so that they can know more people or some may even cheat others .
Some people fake their identities in media sites so that they can know a lot of people or some may even cheat others .
Some people fake their identities in media sites so that they can know new people or some may even cheat others .
Some people fake their identities in media sites so that they can get to more people or some may even cheat others .
Some people fake their identities in media sites so that they can know more people or some may even cheat other people .
Some people fake their identities in media sites so that they can know more people or some may even cheat one another .
In addition , privacy issue has become more popular nowadays since some people do not realize that they may actually share some information that they are not willing to share at the first place .
In addition , privacy matter has become more popular nowadays since some people do not realize that they may actually share some information that they are not willing to share at the first place .
In addition , privacy problem has become more popular nowadays since some people do not realize that they may actually share some information that they are not willing to share at the first place .
In addition , private issue has become more popular nowadays since some people do not realize that they may actually share some information that they are not willing to share at the first place .
In addition , privacy issue has become more popular nowadays because some people do not realize that they may actually share some information that they are not willing to share at the first place .
In addition , privacy issue has become more popular nowadays since some people do not realize that they may actually share some information that they are not likely to share at the first place .
Therefore , while social media sites are undoubtedly have benefits in our life , we should consider its drawbacks and thus use it wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in the smallest way as possible .
Moreover , while social media sites are undoubtedly have benefits in our life , we should consider its drawbacks and thus use it wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in the smallest way as possible .
Therefore , while social media web sites are undoubtedly have benefits in our life , we should consider its drawbacks and thus use it wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in the smallest way as possible .
Therefore , while social media sites are undoubtedly have advantages in our life , we should consider its drawbacks and thus use it wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in the smallest way as possible .
Therefore , while social media sites are undoubtedly have benefits in real life , we should consider its drawbacks and thus use it wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in the smallest way as possible .
Therefore , while social media sites are undoubtedly have benefits in our life , we should consider its drawbacks and thus use it wisely so that we can get more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in the smallest way as possible .
It is a common scene that almost everyone in a public transport is watching at phone or wearing a pair ear piece in this modern society today .
It is not rare that almost everyone in a public transport is watching at phone or wearing a pair ear piece in this modern society today .
It is a common scene that nearly everyone in a public transport is watching at phone or wearing a pair ear piece in this modern society today .
It is a common scene that almost every citizen in a public transport is watching at phone or wearing a pair ear piece in this modern society today .
It is a common scene that almost everyone in a public transport is watching at phone or wearing a pair ear piece today .
It is a common scene that almost everyone in a public transport is watching at phone or equipped with a pair ear piece in this modern society today .
Not only one but many developed and developing countries have the same picture .
Not only one but many developed and underdeveloped countries have the same picture .
Not only one but numerous developed and developing countries have the same picture .
Not only one but many developed and developing countries have the same picture nowadays .
Not only one but many developed and developing nations have the same picture .
Not only one but many developed and developing countries have the similar picture .
Some say that it is a necessary step for human revolution .
The proponents say that it is a necessary step for human revolution .
Some reckon that it is a necessary step for human revolution .
Some say that it is a crucial step for human revolution .
Some say that it is a necessary step for mankind revolution .
Some say that the application of technology is a necessary step for human revolution .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people in order for them to connect to others even from different countries .
Social media sites like Twitter and Instagram are popular among people in order for them to connect to others even from different countries .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are immensely popular among people in order for them to connect to others even from different countries .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among young folks in order for them to connect to others even from different countries .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are gaining ity popular among people in order for them to connect to others even from different countries .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people in order for them to connect to friends or colleagues even from different countries .
It also brings many negative effects such as loss of face-to-face communicating skills which is important in their working place .
It also brings countless negative effects such as loss of face-to-face communicating skills which is important in their working place .
It also brings many negative effects related to loss of face-to-face communicating skills which is important in their working place .
It also brings many negative effects such as loss of face-to-face interpersonal skills which is important in their working place .
It also brings many negative effects such as loss of face-to-face communicating skills which is essential in their working place .
It also brings many negative effects such as loss of face-to-face communicating skills which is of great importance in their working place .
This essay will discuss about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life .
This dissertation will discuss about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life .
This essay will elaborate on about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life .
This essay will discuss about the merits and demerits of using social media in our daily life .
This essay will discuss about the advantages and disadvantages of utilizing social media in our daily life .
This essay will discuss about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our mundane life .
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media site is that people can reach other easily , even without contact for a long time .
One of the crucial advantages of using a popular social media site is that people can reach other easily , even without contact for a long time .
One of the significant advantages of utilizing a popular social media site is that people can reach other easily , even without contact for a long time .
One of the significant advantages of using a mind-blowing social media site is that people can reach other easily , even without contact for a long time .
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media site is that netizens can reach other easily , even without contact for a long time .
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media site is that people can reach other readily , even without contact for a long time .
In this fast pace and competitive world , people may not able to keep in touch with others .
In this rapidly changing and competitive world , people may not able to keep in touch with others .
In this fast pace and increasingly competitive world , people may not able to keep in touch with others .
In this fast pace and competitive world , people may fail to able to keep in touch with others .
In this fast pace and competitive world , people are likely to able to keep in touch with others .
In this fast pace and competitive world , people may not able to keep in touch with their families .
With the help of social media site , people are able to upload their new discoveries and funny scene on it and they can be updated the new information of their friends .
With the advent of social media site , people are able to upload their new discoveries and funny scene on it and they can be updated the new information of their friends .
With the help of a wide range of socIal media site , people are able to upload their new discoveries and funny scene on it and they can be updated the new information of their friends .
With the help of social media site , people can manage to upload their new discoveries and funny scene on it and they can be updated the new information of their friends .
With the help of social media site , people are able to upload their new discoveries and amusing scene on it and they can be updated the new information of their friends .
With the help of social media site , people are able to upload their new observations and funny scene on it and they can be updated the new information of their friends .
Personally I am study in oversea , busy study life keeps me away from contact my old friend .
Personally I am study in oversea , busy study life keeps me away from contact my long-lost friend .
Personally I am study in oversea , hectic study life keeps me away from contact my old friend .
From my perspective , I am study in oversea , busy study life keeps me away from contact my old friend .
Personally I am study in oversea , busy study schedule keeps me away from contact my old friend .
Personally I am study in oversea , busy study life alienates myself from contact my old friend .
Using a common social media site with my friends to help me know what are their statuses nowadays .
Using a normal social media site with my friends to help me know what are their statuses nowadays .
Using a common social media web site with my friends to help me know what are their statuses nowadays .
Using a common social media platform with my friends to help me know what are their statuses nowadays .
Using a common social media site with my old friends to help me know what are their statuses nowadays .
Using a common social media site with my friends to help me know what are their statuses nowadays .
And I am able to easily find a common topic when I contact them .
And I am able to quickly find a common topic when I contact them .
And I am able to easily find a common topic when I communicate with them .
And I am able to easily find a common topic when I interact with them .
And I am able to easily find a common topic when I contact my friends .
And I am able to easily find a good topic when I contact them .
In Singapore , many Malaysian cross the sea to work here .
In Singapore , a lot of Malaysian cross the sea to work here .
In Singapore , many Malaysian cross the ocean to work here .
In Singapore , many Malaysian cross the sea to work at that place .
In Singapore , many Malaysian cross the sea to work t here .
In Singapore , many Malaysian cross the sea to work at that country .
Many of them are busy in work and separate with their children .
Many of them are busy in work and separate with their parents .
Many of them are busy in work and separate with their close friends .
Many of them are busy in work and separate with their relatives .
Many of them are busy in work and separate with their kids .
Many of them are busy in work and separate with their families .
One of Manager in my working place has the same situation .
One of Manager in my working place has a different situation .
One of Manager in my working place has the similar situation .
One of Manager in my working place has the same problem .
One of Manager in my working place has the same concern .
One of Manager in my working place has the same situation in real life .
After my Manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
After my Manager taught her sister how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
After my Manager taught her aunt how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
After my Manager taught her mother how to use Twitter , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
After my Manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to download video clips of her grandchild .
After my Manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her friends .
Therefore my Manager would not miss the moments of her daughter 's growth .
Hence my Manager would not miss the moments of her daughter 's growth .
Thus my Manager would not miss the moments of her daughter 's growth .
Therefore my Manager would not miss the time of her daughter 's growth .
Therefore my Manager would not miss the moments of her son 's growth .
Therefore my Manager would not miss the moments of her child 's growth .
Social media sites are also a very useful tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship .
Social media web sites are also a very useful tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship .
Social media sites are also a very good tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship .
Social media sites are also a very essential tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship .
Social media sites are also a very influencial tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship .
Social media sites are also a very useful tool for people to establish a new friendship or relationship .
People get connected or closer with same preferences .
They get connected or closer with same preferences .
Many people get connected or closer with same preferences .
Few people get connected or closer with same preferences .
A few people get connected or closer with same preferences .
Numerous people get connected or closer with same preferences .
It is easier for people to approach the other after knowing the information .
It is more convenient for people to approach the other after knowing the information .
It is quicker for people to approach the other after knowing the information .
It is easier for people to contact the other after knowing the information .
It is easier for people to interact with the other after knowing the information .
It is easier for we to approach the other after knowing the information .
Students can exchange their experiences in study even they are in different countries .
Students can share their experiences in study even they are in different countries .
Students can exchange their experiences in study in the social media sites even they are in different countries .
Students can exchange their experiences in study even they are in different countries or even different continents .
Students can exchange their experiences in study with each other even they are in different countries .
Students can exchange their experiences in study even they are in different regions .
People are able to share the culture or pretty photos online , therefore others can spread the joy with them .
People are able to share the culture or pretty stories online , therefore others can spread the joy with them .
People are able to share the culture or beauteous photos online , therefore others can spread the joy with them .
People are able to share the culture or pretty photos online , therefore others can spread the happiness with them .
People are able to share the culture or pretty photos online , therefore others can deliver the joy with them .
People are able to share the culture or pretty photos online , therefore others can spread the pleasure with them .
Thus I believe that social media sites are one of useful tool to help people known each other better .
Thus I believe that social media sites are one of most convenient tool to help people known each other better .
Thus I believe that social media sites are one of useful tool to help people known each other better and make people closer .
To be honest , I believe that social media sites are one of useful tool to help people known each other better .
Thus I deem that social media sites are one of useful tool to help people known each other better .
Thus I believe that social media sites are one of useful tool to help people known each other better in a new way .
However , social media site is a double-sided sword , it also bring in some negative effect on our daily life .
However , social media site is a double-sided sword , it also bring in some harmful effect on our daily life .
However , social media site is a double-sided sword , it also bring in some unimaginably negative effect on our daily life .
We should admit that social media site is a double-sided sword , it also bring in some negative effect on our daily life .
However , social media site is a double-sided sword , it also bring in some negative effect on our daily life , such as weakening our interpersonal skills .
In fact , social media site is a double-sided sword , it also bring in some negative effect on our daily life .
One of the disadvantage that many people concerns is that people loss the interest of face-to-face communication .
One of the disadvantage that many people concerns is that people loss the passion of face-to-face communication .
One of the disadvantage that many people concerns is that people loss the interest of and even refuse face-to-face communication .
One of the disadvantage that many people concerns is that people loss the interest of face-to-face interaction .
One of the disadvantage that many people concerns is that people loss the interest of face-to-face communication , which is more useful in some circumstance .
One of the disadvantage that most of people concerns is that people loss the interest of face-to-face communication .
Many people like to use language to pretend themselves , and lost confidence when they talk to each other .
Many people prefer to use language to pretend themselves , and lost confidence when they talk to each other .
Many people like to use language to pretend themselves better , and lost confidence when they talk to each other .
Many people like to use language to pretend themselves , and lost confidence when they talk to each other face to face .
Many people like to use language to pretend themselves , and lost confidence when they meet each other .
Many people used to use language to pretend themselves , and lost confidence when they talk to each other .
Although not everyone is good at public relationship even without the existence of the social media sites , we can not deny that it do affect some people in their ability of interpersonal skills .
Although not everyone is adept at public relationship even without the existence of the social media sites , we can not deny that it do affect some people in their ability of interpersonal skills .
Although not everyone is good at dealing with public relationship even without the existence of the social media sites , we can not deny that it do affect some people in their ability of interpersonal skills .
Although not everyone is good at public relationship even without the existence of the social media sites , we can not repudiate that it do affect some people in their ability of interpersonal skills .
Although not everyone is good at public relationship even without the existence of the social media sites , we can not deny that it do affect some people in their ability of interpersonal skills in a negative way .
Although not everyone is good at public relationship even without the help of the social media sites , we can not deny that it do affect some people in their ability of interpersonal skills .
In conclusion , the shadow always exists when there is light .
In a word , the shadow always exists when there is light .
In conclusion , the influence always exists when there is light .
In conclusion , the shadow always exists when there is case .
In conclusion , the shadow always exists when there is light for they are symbiotic .
In conclusion , it is true that the shadow always exists when there is light .
We should take the advantages of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
We should take the advantages of the characters we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
We should take the advantages of the technology we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
We should take the advantages of the creatures we create and try to refrain from the negative effects .
We should take the advantages of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative sides .
We should take the advantages of the creatures we create and try to eliminate the negative effects .
Social media sites suppose be a very useful and convenient tool to use and bring people get closer in this globalised world .
Social media sites suppose be a very helpful and convenient tool to use and bring people get closer in this globalised world .
Social media sites suppose be a very useful and convenient tool to use and make people get closer in this globalised world .
Social media sites suppose be a very useful and convenient tool to use and bring people get connected in this globalised world .
Social media sites suppose be a very useful and convenient tool to use and bring people get closer in this globalised people create .
Social media sites suppose be a very useful and convenient tool to use and bring people get closer in this globalised universe .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways in communicating with one another .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways in interacting with one another .
The use of social media platforms has largely influenced our ways in communicating with one another .
The use of social media has largely structured our ways in communicating with one another .
Using social media has largely influenced our ways in communicating with one another .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways in communicating with each another .
Online friends became real life friends and real life friends communicate with one another online .
Online friends became real life friends and real life friends communicate with each another online .
Online friends became real life friends and real life friends interact with one another online .
Online friends became real life friends and real life friends often communicate with one another online .
Online friends will became real life friends and real life friends can communicate with one another online .
Moreover , online friends became real life friends and real life friends communicate with one another online .
Social media has changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
Social media platforms has changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
Social media has transformed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
Social media has changed our ways of sharing information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
Social media has changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships completely .
Social media has changed our methods of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
There are advantages and disadvantages in this change .
There are benefits and disadvantages in this change .
There are advantages and drawbacks in this change .
There are some advantages and disadvantages in this change .
There are advantages and disadvantages in this transformation .
I think there are advantages and disadvantages in this change .
Social media has reshaped the way of communication .
Social media sites has reshaped the way of communication .
Social media has reformed the way of communication .
Social media has completely reshaped the way of communication .
Social media has reshaped the way of interaction .
Wechat has reshaped the way of communication .
In real life , we communicate with one another as equal participants .
In real life , we communicate with each another as equal participants .
In real life , people communicate with one another as equal participants .
In real life , we often communicate with one another as equal participants .
We communicate with one another as equal participants on the Internet .
In real life , we interact with one another as equal participants .
We share ideas , stories and forge friendship based on mutual respect .
We exchange ideas , stories and forge friendship based on mutual respect .
We share thoughts , stories and forge friendship based on mutual respect .
We share ideas , tales and forge friendship based on mutual respect .
We share ideas , stories and strike up friendship based on mutual respect .
We share ideas , stories and forge friendship based on regard for e another .
However , communication on social media is largely based on " broadcasting and listening " .
Whereas , communication on social media is largely based on " broadcasting and listening " .
However , communication on social media platforms is largely based on " broadcasting and listening " .
However , interaction on social media is largely based on " broadcasting and listening " .
However , communication on social media is completely based on " broadcasting and listening " .
However , communication on social media is largely based on " broadcasting " .
When we use facebook and post pictures and statuses .
When we use twitter and post pictures and statuses .
When we use facebook and post our photos and statuses .
When we use facebook and upload pictures and statuses .
When we log on and post pictures and statuses .
When we use facebook and try to post pictures and statuses .
We are actively " presenting " fa  ades of our lifes in front of others .
We are " presenting " fa  ades of our lifes in front of others .
We are actively " presenting " fa  ades of our lifes .
We are actively " showing " fa  ades of our lifes in front of others .
We are actually " presenting " fa  ades of our lifes in front of others .
We are actively " presenting " fa  ades of our lifes in front of the world .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks , status that are funny .
We are likely to post pictures with the best looks , status that are funny .
We tend to update pictures with the best looks , status that are funny .
We tend to download pictures with the best looks , status that are funny .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks , status that are interesting .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks , status that are enjoyable .
We broadcast these facades of us to others .
We broadcast these aspects of us to others .
We broadcast these facades of us to other people .
We broadcast these facades of us to our friends .
We broadcast those facades of us to others .
We broadcast these facts of us to others .
The images we choose to present are tentatively considered .
The photos we choose to present are tentatively considered .
The images we find to present are tentatively considered .
The images we update to present are tentatively considered .
The images we choose to show are tentatively considered .
The pictures we choose to present are tentatively considered .
The audience is not some specific person , but everyone we might know , or even the entire world .
The audience is not some specific person , but everyone we might know , or even the whole world .
The audience is not some specific person , but everyone we might know , or even the entire society .
The listener is not some specific person , but everyone we might know , or even the entire world .
The audience is not a specific person , but everyone we might know , or even the entire world .
The audience is not some specific person , but everyone we may know , or even the entire world .
There is an element of seeking out for attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
There is an element of seeking out for attention other than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
There is an element of seeking out for attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social media .
There is an element of receiving out for attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
There is an element of seeking out for attention rather than conveying one 's true opinion on social networks .
There is an element of seeking out for attention rather than delivering one 's true opinion on social networks .
On the other hand , the viewers , are not the listeners .
On the other hand , the viewers , are not the audience .
On the one hand , the viewers , are not the listeners .
On the other hand , the viewers , are not the listeners in real life .
On the other hand , the viewers , are not the listeners we like .
On the other hand , the viewers , are not the listeners we want .
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of pictures and statuses and see one of them which they might think it funny .
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of images and statuses and see one of them which they might think it funny .
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of photos and statuses and see one of them which they might think it funny .
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of pictures and situations and see one of them which they might think it funny .
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of pictures and statuses and find one of them which they might think it funny .
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of pictures and statuses and see one of them which they might think it interesting .
It is not the broadcasters themselves they care about , but the content .
It is not the broadcasters themselves they concern about , but the content .
It is not the broadcasters themselves they care about , but the content it contains .
It is not the broadcasters themselves they want to care about , but the content .
It is not the listeners themselves they care about , but the content .
It is not the viewers themselves they care about , but the content .
This type of communication does not help forging interpersonal relationships .
This type of interaction does not help forging interpersonal relationships .
This type of communication does not help forging interpersonal skills .
This type of communication does not help forging interpersonal interaction .
This kind of communication does not help forging interpersonal relationships .
This type of communication does not help forging people's relationships .
In real life , establishing friendship requires the all-rounded understanding in one another and the caring for one another .
In real life , establishing friendship needs the all-rounded understanding in one another and the caring for one another .
In real life , establishing friendship requires the all-rounded understanding in one another and the caring for other people .
In real life , establishing friendship requires the all-rounded understanding in one another and the caring for others .
In real life , forming friendship requires the all-rounded understanding in one another and the caring for one another .
In real life , building friendship requires the all-rounded understanding in one another and the caring for one another .
The latter requires face to face interaction where we can show our emotions to the other .
The latter needs face to face interaction where we can show our emotions to the other .
The latter requires face to face communication where we can show our emotions to the other .
The latter requires face to face connection where we can show our emotions to the other .
The latter requires face to face interaction where we can show our feelings to the other .
The latter requires face to face interaction where we can express our emotions to the other .
One can not truly understand a person with only stalking his/her facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not totally understand a person with only stalking his/her facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not fully understand a person with only stalking his/her facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not truly know a person with only stalking his/her facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not truly understand a person with only stalking his/her facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to show .
One can not truly understand a person with only stalking his/her facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to update .
One can not truly show their emotions by another by texting some = ) signs .
One can not truly show their feelings by another by texting some = ) signs .
It can not truly show their emotions by another by texting some = ) signs .
One can not really show their emotions by another by texting some = ) signs .
One can not truly display their emotions by another by texting some = ) signs .
One can not truly show their senses by another by texting some = ) signs .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not good for forging relationships .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not beneficial for forging relationships .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not useful for forging relationships .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not helpful for forging relationships .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not good for building relationships .
The broadcasting and viewing model is not good for establishing relationships .
However , it is good for sharing information .
Still , it is good for sharing information .
However , it is helpful for people to share information .
However , it is good for sharing information online .
However , it is good for sharing information on the social media .
However , it is good for sharing useful information .
On social media , everyone is a broadcaster and a viewer .
On social media platform , everyone is a broadcaster and a viewer .
On social media website , everyone is a broadcaster and a viewer .
On social media , everyone is a broadcaster and a listener .
On social media , everyone is a broadcaster and a real viewer .
On social media , everyone is a broadcaster and a good viewer .
With my social network account , I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites anymore ; because I can easily read them from the status of my friends .
With my social network ing account , I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites anymore ; because I can easily read them from the status of my friends .
With my social network account , I hardly read newspapers or go to news websites anymore ; because I can easily read them from the status of my friends .
With my social network account , I seldom read news or go to news websites anymore ; because I can easily read them from the status of my friends .
With my social network account , I seldom read newspapers or go to news sites anymore ; because I can easily read them from the status of my friends .
With my social network account , I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites anymore ; because I can quickly read them from the status of my friends .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some politics newspapers or public figures .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some politics newspapers or public people .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some politics newspapers or public celebrities .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some politics books or public figures .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some politics newspapers or well-known figures .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some politics newspapers or famous figures .
I get news for sales , clothes and cosmetics from my friends .
I get news for sales , clothes and cosmetics from my old friends .
I get news for sales , clothes and cosmetics from my close friends .
I get news for sales , food and cosmetics from my friends .
I get news for sales , clothes and travelling experience from my friends .
I get news for sales , houses and cosmetics from my friends .
If some of my friends have horrible taste on clothes and he/she posts them often , I can simply block him/her off .
If many of my friends have horrible taste on clothes and he/she posts them often , I can simply block him/her off .
If some of my close friends have horrible taste on clothes and he/she posts them often , I can simply block him/her off .
If some of my friends have bad taste on clothes and he/she posts them often , I can simply block him/her off .
If some of my friends have horrible taste on clothes and he/she posts them often , I can sjust block him/her off .
If some of my friends have horrible taste on clothes and he/she posts them often , I can simply block him/her off on my social media .
Information got circulated .
Information got circulated on the internet .
Information got circulated on the social media .
Information got delivered .
Information got conveyed .
Information got conveyed to others .
The most popular information get circulated the most so I can seldom miss it .
The most useful information get circulated the most so I can seldom miss it .
The most helpful information get circulated the most so I can seldom miss it .
The most popular message get circulated the most so I can seldom miss it .
The most popular information get circulated the most so I can hardly miss it .
The most important information get circulated the most so I can seldom miss it .
Social network plays a role in providing and also filtering information .
Social network plays a vital role in providing and also filtering information .
Social network plays a n important role in providing and also filtering information .
Social network plays a role in offering and also filtering information .
Social network plays a role in providing and also filtering useful information .
Social network plays a role in providing and also filtering helpful information .
This saves a lot of time for me in reading newspapers and watching TV .
This saves a lot of time for me in reading news and watching TV .
This saves a lot of time for me in reading books and watching TV .
This saves a lot of money for me in reading newspapers and watching TV .
This saves a lot of time for people in reading newspapers and watching TV .
This saves a lot of time for me in reading newspapers and watching TV online .
Personally I feel more at ease on social medias .
Personally I feel more comfortable on social medias .
In my opinion I feel more at ease on social medias .
Personally I become more at ease on social medias .
Personally people feel more at ease on social medias .
Frankly I feel more at ease on social medias .
From the above two points of view I think social media could forge more interest-based friendships .
From the above two points of view I think social media could establish more interest-based friendships .
From the above two points of view I think social media could build more interest-based friendships .
From the above two points of view I think social media could shape more interest-based friendships .
From the above two points of view I think social media could forge more interest-based relationships .
From the above three points of view I think social media could forge more interest-based friendships .
With the help of social media , I become real life friends with those from online forums whom I share the same interest with .
With the help of social media software , I become real life friends with those from online forums whom I share the same interest with .
With the help of social media website , I become real life friends with those from online forums whom I share the same interest with .
With the help of social media , I become close friends with those from online forums whom I share the same interest with .
With the help of social media , I become real life friends with those from forums whom I share the same interest with .
With the help of social media , I become real life partners with those from online forums whom I share the same interest with .
I also discover some of my friends ' interest which I find common with myself so that talking to one another is much more about life , study , friends , etc .
I also difind some of my friends ' interest which I find common with myself so that talking to one another is much more about life , study , friends , etc .
I also discover many of my friends ' interest which I find common with myself so that talking to one another is much more about life , study , friends , etc .
I also discover some of my partners ' interest which I find common with myself so that talking to one another is much more about life , study , friends , etc .
I also discover some of my friends ' interest which I find common with myself so that talking to others is much more about life , study , friends , etc .
I also discover some of my friends ' interest which I find common with myself so that talking to one another is much more about work , study , friends , etc .
The communication does not focus on how we feel , or to say , each otherm , but whatever is interesting , or the content .
The interaction does not focus on how we feel , or to say , each otherm , but whatever is interesting , or the content .
The communication does not focus on how we feel , or to say , each otherm , but what is interesting , or the content .
The communication does not focus on how we feel , or to say , each otherm , but whatever is funny , or the content .
The communication does not focus on how we communicate , or to say , each otherm , but whatever is interesting , or the content .
The communication does not focus on how we socialise , or to say , each otherm , but whatever is interesting , or the content .
In this case , interpersonal skill is not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that we are both interested in .
In this situation , interpersonal skill is not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that we are both interested in .
In this scenerio , interpersonal skill is not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that we are both interested in .
In this case , interpersonal skill is not as important since our goal is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that we are both interested in .
In this case , interpersonal skill is not as important because our aim is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that we are both interested in .
In this case , interpersonal skill is not as important because our focus is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that we are both interested in .
In conclusion , I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human-based friendship that requires sharing and caring between friends , to a more information-based friendship that requires a mutual interest .
In other word , I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human-based friendship that requires sharing and caring between friends , to a more information-based friendship that requires a mutual interest .
In conclusion , I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human-based friendship that requires sharing and caring among friends , to a more information-based friendship that requires a mutual interest .
In conclusion , I think social media nowadays has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human-based friendship that requires sharing and caring between friends , to a more information-based friendship that requires a mutual interest .
In conclusion , I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human-based friendship that demands sharing and caring between friends , to a more information-based friendship that demands a mutual interest .
In conclusion , I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human-based friendship that requires sharing and caring between collegues , to a more information-based friendship that requires a mutual interest .
There are advantages and disadvantages in itself , however , whether it is good or bad we are still not sure .
There are advantages and disadvantages in itself , however , whether it is good or not we are still not sure .
There are advantages and disadvantages in itself , however , whether it is good or bad we are still not clear .
There are advantages and disadvantages in itself , nevertheless , whether it is good or bad we are still not sure .
There are advantages and disadvantages in itself , however , whether it is good or bad we are not sure .
There are pros and cons in itself , however , whether it is good or bad we are still not sure .
It is just different .
It is different .
It was just different .
It is just the same .
It is just different from what you see .
That is just different .
Advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life
Merits and disadvantages of using social media in daily life
Advantages and demerits of using social media in daily life
Advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life
Advantages and disadvantages of using social network in daily life
Advantages and disadvantages of enjoying social media in daily life
People that living in the modern world really can not live without the social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
People that who live in the modern world really can not live without the social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
People that living in the modern world really can not spend the days without the social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
People that living in the modern society really can not live without the social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
People that living in the modern world can not live without the social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Residents that living in the modern world really can not live without the social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Almost all students and young adults possess the Facebook or Twitter account .
Almost all students and young adults nowadays possess the Facebook or Twitter account .
Almost all students and young adults have owned the Facebook or Twitter account .
Almost all students and young adults possess the Facebook or Twitter account , some even have several s .
Almost all students and young adults possess the WeChat or Twitter account .
Almost all students and young adults possess the Facebook and Twitter account .
It is true that social media makes people be able to connect one another more conveniently .
It is true that social media makes students be able to connect one another more conveniently .
It is true that social media makes people be able to contact one another more conveniently .
It is true that social network makes people be able to connect one another more conveniently .
It is true that social media makes people be able to connect others more conveniently .
It is generally acknowledged that social media makes people be able to connect one another more conveniently .
However , it seems that , especially for some those , sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites become really necessary .
However , it seems that , especially for some those , to share some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites become really necessary .
Nonetheless , it seems that , especially for some those , sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites become really necessary .
However , it seems that , especially for some people those , sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites become really necessary .
However , it seems that , especially for some those , sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites become necessary .
However , it seems that , particularly for some those , sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites become really necessary .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered that a group of friends met and sat around one table , but none of them were really chatting with one another .
An extremely ridiculous and ironic phenomenon was discovered that a group of friends met and sat around one table , but none of them were really chatting with one another .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered that a group of collegues met and sat around one table , but none of them were really chatting with one another .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was found that a group of friends met and sat around one table , but none of them were really chatting with one another .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered that a group of friends met and sat around one in a gathering , but none of them were really chatting with one another .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered that a group of friends met and sat around one table , but almost none of them were really chatting with one another .
Instead , all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this " cheerful " meeting on their social media sites .
On the contrary , all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this " cheerful " meeting on their social media sites .
Instead , all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this " cheerful " gathering on their social media sites .
Instead , all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this " cheerful " meeting on the social media sites .
Instead , all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this " pleasant " meeting on their social media sites .
However , all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this " cheerful " meeting on their social media sites .
Therefore , there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
Hence , there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
Thus , there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
Therefore , there is need to know the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
Therefore , there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media network .
Therefore , there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media software .
Social media enables people from different parts of the world to communicate with one another .
Social media enables people from different areas of the world to communicate with one another .
Social media enables people from different parts of the world to interact with one another .
Social media enables people from different parts of the world to socialise with one another .
Social media enables people from various parts of the world to communicate with one another .
Social media enables people from all parts of the world to communicate with one another .
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with ones live far away from them in the past .
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with ones live remotely from them in the past .
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with ones live far away from people in the past .
People used to write letters and send letters to keep in touch with ones live far away from them in the past .
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with ones live far away from them in the past .
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with ones live far away from other people in the past .
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the messages .
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the information .
It can take a few days or months for those to receive the messages .
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the messages online .
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the messages on the social media .
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the messages on the social media software .
Nowadays , what people need to do is just typing in front of the computer in their own rooms .
Nowadays , what people have to do is just typing in front of the computer in their own rooms .
Nowadays , what people need to do is just typing in front of the computer screen in their own rooms .
Nowadays , what people need to do is just typing in front of the computer in their own homes .
Nowadays , what human beings need to do is just typing in front of the computer in their own rooms .
Nowadays , what people need to do is just typing in front of the telephone in their own rooms .
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message .
And people on the other side will only need a minute to receive the message .
And people on the other side will only need a few s second to receive the message .
And people on the other side will only need a second to deliver the message .
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the text .
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the information .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient especially when instant chat is needed .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient especially when instant chat is required .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient especially when instant chat is demanded .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient especially when quick chat is needed .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient especially when instant communication is needed .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient especially when instant chat is needed for people .
However , when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with people who are close to them , their face-to-face interpersonal skills are lost .
However , when they become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with people who are close to them , their face-to-face interpersonal skills are lost .
However , when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to interact with people who are close to them , their face-to-face interpersonal skills are lost .
However , when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with people who are friendly to them , their face-to-face interpersonal skills are lost .
However , when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with people who are close to them , their face-to-face communication skills are lost .
However , when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with people who are close to them , their face-to-face interpersonal skills are required .
Social media provides people a way of talking and chatting which can never be considered as a way of communication .
Social media offers people a way of talking and chatting which can never be considered as a way of communication .
Social media gives people a way of talking and chatting which can never be considered as a way of communication .
Social media provides people a way of talking and chatting which can never be regarded as a way of communication .
Social media provides people a way of talking and chatting which can never be thought as a way of communication .
Social media provides people a way of talking and chatting which can never be considered as a way of interaction .
When ones chat on those media sites , there is no eye connection , no emotion delivery and even the expressions are typed in by using some combinations of punctuations .
When ones chat on those media web sites , there is no eye connection , no emotion delivery and even the expressions are typed in by using some combinations of punctuations .
When ones communicate on those media sites , there is no eye connection , no emotion delivery and even the expressions are typed in by using some combinations of punctuations .
When ones chat on those social media sites , there is no eye connection , no emotion delivery and even the expressions are typed in by using some combinations of punctuations .
When ones chat on those media sites , there is no eye contaction , no emotion delivery and even the expressions are typed in by using some combinations of punctuations .
When ones chat on those media sites , there is no eye communication , no emotion delivery and even the expressions are typed in by using some combinations of punctuations .
For more convenience , sentences are shortened to simply three or four words such as lol ( which means laugh intensively ) and " asap " ( which means as soon as possible ) .
For greater convenience , sentences are shortened to simply three or four words such as lol ( which means laugh intensively ) and " asap " ( which means as soon as possible ) .
For more convenience , sentences have been shortened to simply three or four words such as lol ( which means laugh intensively ) and " asap " ( which means as soon as possible ) .
For more convenience , sentences are by users to simply three or four words such as lol ( which means laugh intensively ) and " asap " ( which means as soon as possible ) .
For more convenience , sentences are shortened to simply three or four words such as lol ( which means laugh a hearty laugh ) and " asap " ( which means as soon as possible ) .
For more convenience , sentences are shortened to simply three or four words such as lol ( meaning laugh intensively ) and " asap " ( meaning as soon as possible ) .
People indeed go to great length to make their words as shorter as they can .
People indeed go to great length to make what they say as shorter as they can .
People indeed go to great length to make their words as shorter as possible.
People indeed go to great length to keep their words as shorter as they can .
People indeed go to great length to make their words shorter to the best of their ability .
People indeed go to great length to make the content they express as shorter as they can .
While , once they are communicating with people in their face , expressing themselves appropriately become really a big problem .
However , once they are communicating with people in their face , expressing themselves appropriately become really a big problem .
While , once they are communicating with people in their face , expressing themselves appropriately become really a major problem .
While , once they are interacting with people in their face , expressing themselves appropriately become really a big problem .
While , once they are communicating with people in their face , expressing themselves in a proper way become really a big problem .
While , once they are communicating with people in their face , expressing themselves appropriately become really a big issue .
Social media also provides people huge brunch information about people and things that they interests .
Social media also provides people a wealth of brunch information about people and things that they interests .
Social media as well provides people huge brunch information about people and things that they interests .
At the same time, social media also provides people huge brunch information about people and things that they interests .
Social media also provides people huge brunch information about what they interests .
Social media also provides people abundant information about people and things that they interests .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore like famous movie and series stars , business men and entrepreneurs .
For instance , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore like famous movie and series stars , business men and entrepreneurs .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore such as famous movie and series stars , business men and entrepreneurs .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you admire like famous movie and series stars , business men and entrepreneurs .
On Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore like famous movie and series stars , business men and entrepreneurs .
For example , on Twitter , it is thrilling to follow people that you adore like famous movie and series stars , business men and entrepreneurs .
It makes people feel extreme close to their admirers ' lives and works .
People feel extreme close to their admirers ' lives and works .
It makes people feel extreme close to their admirers lives and works .
It makes users feel extreme close to their admirers ' lives and works .
It gives people a ing of being feel extreme close to their admirers ' lives and works .
It makes people feel extreme close to their admirers ' lives and to follow celebrities' social accounts .
Updated news people care about can be easily obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at any time .
Updated news people care about can be easily obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at all time s .
Updated news people care about can be easily gained when you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at any time .
The latest news people care about can be easily obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at any time .
It's easy to obtain updated news people care about when you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at any time .
Updated news people care about can be conveniently obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at any time .
However , after one has registered in those social media sites which are not reliable , all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future .
While , after one has registered in those social media sites which are not reliable , all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future .
However , after one has registered in unreliable social media sites , all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future .
However , once one has registered in those social media sites which are not reliable , all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future .
However , after one has registered in those social media sites which are not trusted , all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future .
However , after one has registered in those social media sites which are not reliable , all the information you have filled in will be a weapon that may harm you in the future .
Furthermore , not everyone on the social media sites is honest .
Additionally , not everyone on the social media sites is honest .
Furthermore , not everyone you meet on the social media sites is honest .
Furthermore , not everyone on the social media sites is truthful .
Furthermore , not everyone on the social media sites is honest , which is true .
Really not everyone on the social media sites is honest .
The profile picture may not be the person who that user says he or she really is .
The profile image may not be the person who that user says he or she really is .
The profile picture may not be the person who that user says he or she is .
image displayed in the profile picture may not be the person who that user says he or she really is .
The profile picture may not be the person who that user says his or her true identity .
The showed on the profile page may not be the person who that user says he or she really is .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to " decorate " his or her face .
The cause might just be that he or she just wants to " decorate " his or her face .
The reason might only be that he or she just needs to " decorate " his or her face .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to " beautify " his or her face .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to " decorate " his or her appearance .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to " decorate " his or her body .
But there is possibility that the person on the other side is deceiving you in order to obtain your information against you .
But there is possibility that the person on the other hand is deceiving you in order to obtain your information against you .
But there is possibility that the person on the other side is deceiving you in order to receive your information against you .
But there is possibility that the people on the other side is deceiving you in order to obtain your information against you .
But there is possibility that the person on the other side is deceiving you in order to get your information against you .
But there is possibility that the person on the other side is fooling you in order to obtain your information against you .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and privacy that are shared on social media sites .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and privacy that are shared on social media web sites .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and privacy that are shared on social media software .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and privacy that are shared on social media platforms .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's message and privacy that are shared on social media sites .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and privacy that are displayed on social media sites .
To sum up , social media has advantages and disadvantages in people 's daily life .
To sum up , social media software has advantages and disadvantages in people 's daily life .
To sum up , social media platform has advantages and disadvantages in people 's daily life .
To sum up , social media has benefits and disadvantages in people 's daily life .
To conclude , social media has advantages and disadvantages in people 's daily life .
To sum up , social media has both advantages and disadvantages in people 's daily life .
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes instant communication possible .
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes instant interaction possible .
It shortens the distance between people from all around the world and makes instant communication possible .
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes instant communication come true .
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes instant connection possible .
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes quick communication possible .
And it becomes more convenient to obtain and update information by using social media .
And it becomes more convenient to obtain and upload information by using social media .
And it turns to be more convenient to obtain and update information by using social media .
And it becomes easier to obtain and update information by using social media .
And it becomes more possible to obtain and update information by using social media .
And it becomes more convenient to get and update information by using social media .
On the contrary , social media makes people lose their ability to communicate effectively in their real lives and makes people risk exposing their privacy to those whose identity can not be verified on the social media sites .
On the contrary , social media makes people lose their capacity to communicate effectively in their real lives and makes people risk exposing their privacy to those whose identity can not be verified on the social media sites .
On the contrary , social media makes people lose their ability to communicate efficiently in their real lives and makes people risk exposing their privacy to those whose identity can not be verified on the social media sites .
On the contrary , social media makes people lose their ability to communicate effectively in their lives and makes people risk exposing their privacy to those whose identity can not be verified on the social media sites .
On the contrary , social media makes people lose their ability to communicate effectively in their real lives and makes people risk revealing their privacy to those whose identity can not be verified on the social media sites .
On the contrary , social media makes people lose their ability to interact effectively in their real lives and makes people risk exposing their privacy to those whose identity can not be verified on the social media sites .
How do social media help change our lives ?
How do social media help alter our lives ?
How do social media help change our social lives ?
How do social media software help change our lives ?
How do social media website help change our lives ?
How do social media help improve our lives ?
As the development of the technology , social media becomes more and more significant role in the whole world .
As the advancement of the technology , social media becomes more and more significant role in the whole world .
As the improvement of the technology , social media becomes more and more significant role in the whole world .
As the development of the technology , social media becomes more and more important role in the whole world .
As the development of the technology , social media becomes more and more essential role in the whole world .
As the development of the technology , social media becomes more and more vital role in the whole world .
Everyone in the world can not stop using it every day to express their feelings or ideas and a log of other stuff which helps their friends know their lives better .
Everyone in the world can not stop using it every day to deliver their feelings or ideas and a log of other stuff which helps their friends know their lives better .
Everyone in the world can not stop using it every day to convey their feelings or ideas and a log of other stuff which helps their friends know their lives better .
Everyone in the world can not stop using it every day to express their senses or ideas and a log of other stuff which helps their friends know their lives better .
Everyone in the world can not stop using it every day to express their feelings or thoughts and a log of other stuff which helps their friends know their lives better .
Everyone in the world can not stop using it every day to express their feelings or ideas and a log of other stuff which helps their best friends know their lives better .
People can only use electical devices to access internet .
People can only use electical devices to gain to access internet .
People can only utilize electical devices to access internet .
People can merely use electical devices to access internet .
Netizens can only use electical devices to access internet .
People can only use electical devices to surf internet .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or internet .
No matter when they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or internet .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to achieve that with the aid of a phone or internet .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone equipped with Android or iOS operating system or internet .
Whenever they are in need of social media , they have to use a phone or internet .
Whenever they need to utilize social media , they have to use a phone or internet .
Generally people need they eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
Generally users need they eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
Generally people need they eyes to glance over the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
Generally people need they eyes to look at the display screen of their phone and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
Generally people need they eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to utilize the corresponding device .
It is commonly held that people need they eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
As a result , they will lose eyes to contact and hands to express their feeling to people nearby them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communicating .
As a consequence , they will lose eyes to contact and hands to express their feeling to people nearby them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communicating .
As a result , they will lose eyes to contact and hands to express their feeling to interlocutors nearby them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communicating .
As a result , they will lose eyes to contact and hands to convey their feeling to people nearby them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communicating .
As a result , they will gradually lose eyes to contact and hands to express their feeling to people nearby them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communicating .
As a result , they will lose eyes to contact and hands to express their feeling and articulate their thoughts to people nearby them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communicating .
This can be easily seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
This can be readily seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
This can be easily noticed in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
This can be easily seen in restaurants nowadays .
This can be easily seen in restaurants or cafes recently .
This social phenomenon can be easily seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
A family of four having dinners in a restaurant without any chatting , because their holding and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
A family of four having dinners in a restaurant without any conversation , because their holding and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
A family of four having dinners without any chatting , because their holding and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
A family of four having dinners at home without any chatting , because their holding and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
A family of four having dinners in a restaurant without any chatting , because their holding and concentrating on their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
A family of four savouring dinners in a restaurant without any chatting , because their holding and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
A group of friends having high tea in a caf  without chatting as well , because they do not know what to talk but pressing on their display screen .
A group of friends having high tea in a caf  without eye contact as well , because they do not know what to talk but pressing on their display screen .
A group of friends relishing high tea in a caf  without chatting as well , because they do not know what to talk but pressing on their display screen .
A group of friends having high tea without chatting as well , because they do not know what to talk but pressing on their display screen .
A group of friends having high tea in a caf  without chatting as well , because they have no idea of what to talk but pressing on their display screen .
A group of friends having high tea in a caf  without chatting as well , because they do not know what to talk but manipulating their display screen .
The children nowadays do not know what is neighbourhood games and who is staying beside them , all they know is pressing icons on the screens .
The youngsters nowadays do not know what is neighbourhood games and who is staying beside them , all they know is pressing icons on the screens .
The children nowadays do not know what is outdoor games and who is staying beside them , all they know is pressing icons on the screens .
The children nowadays do not know what is neighbourhood games and who is staying next to them , all they know is pressing icons on the screens .
The children nowadays do not know what is neighbourhood games and who is staying beside them , all they know is pressing icons on the display screens .
The children nowadays do not know what is neighbourhood games and who is staying beside them , all they know is fiddling with icons on the screens .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media reduce face-to-face human contact .
These are some concrete instances of how the socia media reduce face-to-face human contact .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media detract from face-to-face human contact .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media reduce face-to-face interpersonal contact .
These are a variety of concrete examples of how the socia media reduce face-to-face human contact .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media reduce face-to-face human in modern society .
When people get use of using socia media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and lost eventually .
Suppose that people get use of using socia media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and lost eventually .
When people get use of using socia media to keep in touch with other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and lost eventually .
When people get use of using socia media to contact other s , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and lost eventually .
When people get use of using socia media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will definitely degrade and lost eventually .
When people get use of using socia media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will be rusty and lost eventually .
However , it also raised the concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster .
However , it also raised the questions about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster .
However , it also raised the concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a human catastrophe .
However , it also raised the concerns about whether it brings us more advantages or a human disaster .
However , it also raised the concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a mortal disaster .
However , it also raised the concerns about whether it gives us more benefits or a human disaster .
Although it helps to connect us with our friends wherever we are , it at the same time reduces the chance for us to talk to our friends face to face which may affect our interpersonal skills .
Although it promotes to connect us with our friends wherever we are , it at the same time reduces the chance for us to talk to our friends face to face which may affect our interpersonal skills .
Although it helps to connect us with our friends wherever we are , it at the same time decreases the chance for us to talk to our friends face to face which may affect our interpersonal skills .
Although it helps to connect us with our friends wherever we are , it at the same time reduces the opportunity for us to talk to our friends face to face which may affect our interpersonal skills .
Although it helps to connect us with our friends wherever we are , it at the same time reduces the chance for us to talk to our friends face to face which may influence our interpersonal skills .
Although it helps to connect us with our friends wherever we are , it at the same time reduces the chance for us to talk to our friends face to face which may affect our interpersonal competence .
Thus , whether there are more advantages or disadvantages becomes a tough question for every human being .
Thus , whether there are more s or disadvantages becomes a tough question for every humabenefits or disadvantages becomes a tough question for every human being .
Thus , whether there are more advantages or considerable disadvantages becomes a tough question for every human being .
Thus , whether there are more advantages or disadvantages becomes a tough problem for every human being .
Thus , whether there are more advantages or disadvantages becomes a tough question for every independent human being .
Thus , whether there are various advantages or disadvantages becomes a tough question for every human being .
Many people says they will support the social media since it really helps them to have a closer view about how their friends are going in other parts of the world .
Many people says they will endorse the social media since it really helps them to have a closer view about how their friends are going in other parts of the world .
Many people says they will support the social media since it genuinely helps them to have a closer view about how their friends are going in other parts of the world .
Many people says they will support the social media since it really helps them to have a closer view about how their friends are going in various parts of the world .
Many people says they will support the social media since it really supports them to have a closer view about how their friends are going in other parts of the world .
Many people says they will support the social media since it really helps them to have a more intimate r view about how their friends are going in other parts of the world .
This is especially to people who are overseas .
This is particularly to people who are overseas .
This is especially to people who are abroad .
This is especially to Chinese communities who are overseas .
This custom is especially to people who are overseas .
This is especially to people who are living overseas .
To them , social media is the only resource they can approach to know everything happened in their home country and the way they can use to show their lives to their lovers as well .
To them , social media is the only resource they can approach to perceive everything happened in their home country and the way they can use to show their lives to their lovers as well .
To them , social media is the only resource they can approach to know everything happened in their home country and the way they can use to show their lives to their lovers as well .
To them , social media is the only resource they can approach to know everything happened in their home country and the way they can use to show their daily lives to their lovers as well .
To them , social media is the only resource they can approach to know everything happened in their home country and the way they can adopt to show their lives to their lovers as well .
To them , social media is the only resource they can take advantage of to know everything happened in their home country and the way they can use to show their lives to their lovers as well .
What 's more , these days social media plays an important role in spreading the information .
What 's more , these days social media plays an important part in spreading the information .
What 's more , these days social media plays an important role in conveying the information .
What 's more , these days social media plays an important role in spreading the information and knowledge .
What 's more , these days social media plays an essential role in spreading the information .
What 's more , these days social media takes an important role in spreading the information .
Nowadays , people can just easily put their renting information on their facebook account and wait for the response from others who are from different parts of the world which brings us a huge amount of convenience .
Nowadays , people can just effortlessly put their renting information on their facebook account and wait for the response from others who are from different parts of the world which brings us a huge amount of convenience .
Nowadays , people can just easily put their renting advertisements on their facebook account and wait for the response from others who are from different parts of the world which brings us a huge amount of convenience .
Nowadays , people can just easily put their renting information on their facebook account and wait for the feedback from others who are from different parts of the world which brings us a huge amount of convenience .
Nowadays , people can just easily put their renting information on their facebook account and wait for the response from others who are from diverse parts of the world which brings us a huge amount of convenience .
Nowadays , people can just easily put their renting information on their facebook account and wait for the response from others who are from different parts of the world which brings us a huge amount of benefits .
It is quite significant especially for those young teenagers since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what happened in this world than read the newspaper every day .
It is quite symbolic especially for those young teenagers since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what happened in this world than read the newspaper every day .
It is quite significant peculiarly for those young teenagers since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what happened in this world than read the newspaper every day .
It is quite significant especially for those young teenagers since they would rather go to these social networking sites to see the news and know what happened in this world than read the newspaper every day .
It is quite significant especially for those young teenagers since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what happened in this world than read the daily papers every day .
It is quite significant especially for those young teenagers since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what happened in this world than refer to the newspaper every day .
However , there are also a great number of people who against this technology .
However , there are also plenty of people who against this technology .
However , there are also a great number of users who against this technology .
However , there are also a great number of people who opposed to this technology .
However , there are also a great number of people who against this application .
However , there are also a vast number of people who against this technology .
They worry a lot about the bad effect on the teenagers who are still developing themselves .
They worry a lot about the bad influence on the teenagers who are still developing themselves .
They worry a lot about the bad impact on the teenagers who are still developing themselves .
They worry a lot about the bad effect on the young people who are still developing themselves .
They worry a lot about the bad effect on the kids who are still developing themselves .
They worry a lot about the bad effect on the teenagers who are still improving themselves .
They pointed that actually social media reduces the chance for us to talk to people around us face to face .
They pointed that actually social media reduces the opportunity for us to talk to people around us face to face .
They pointed that actually social media reduces the chance for us to talk to people around us face to face in real life .
People pointed that actually social media reduces the chance for us to talk to people around us face to face .
Human beings pointed that actually social media reduces the chance for us to talk to people around us face to face .
They pointed that actually social media reduces the chance for us to speak to people around us face to face .
The more we care about facebook , the less time we will have to spend with our friends .
The more we know about facebook , the less time we will have to spend with our friends .
The more we care about twitter , the less time we will have to spend with our friends .
The more we care about social media , the less time we will have to spend with our friends .
The more we care about facebook , the less time we will have to communicate with our friends .
The more we care about facebook , the less time we will have to get along with our friends .
Nowadays , it is quite common to see on some party , people would more prefer looking at their phones and reading all the posts on facebook if they feel bored .
Nowadays , it is pretty common to see on some party , people would more prefer looking at their phones and reading all the posts on facebook if they feel bored .
Nowadays , it is much common to see on some party , people would more prefer looking at their phones and reading all the posts on facebook if they feel bored .
Nowadays , it is quite normal to see on some party , people would more prefer looking at their phones and reading all the posts on facebook if they feel bored .
Nowadays , it is quite common to see on some party , people would more prefer looking at their phones and reading all the messages on facebook if they feel bored .
Nowadays , it is quite common to see on some party , people would more prefer looking at their phones and reading all the posts on facebook if they feel unhappy .
It makes people worry since if all the teenagers continue using social media frequently , they will decrease the ability to talk to people .
It makes they worry since if all the teenagers continue using social media frequently , they will decrease the ability to talk to people .
It makes ordinary people worry since if all the teenagers continue using social media frequently , they will decrease the ability to talk to people .
It makes many people worry since if all the teenagers continue using social media frequently , they will decrease the ability to talk to people .
It makes a lot of people worry since if all the teenagers continue using social media frequently , they will decrease the ability to talk to people .
It makes people worry since if all the young people continue using social media frequently , they will decrease the ability to talk to people .
They will feel it becomes difficult for them to find any topics to communicate with other people .
They will feel it becomes easy for them to find any topics to communicate with other people .
They will feel it becomes difficult for them to find any topics to communicate with other friends .
They will find it becomes difficult for them to find any topics to communicate with other people .
They will feel it becomes challenging for them to find any topics to communicate with other people .
People will feel it becomes difficult for them to find any topics to communicate with other people .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media brings more disadvantages compared to advantages it gives us .
Personally , I quite agree that social media brings more disadvantages compared to advantages it gives us .
Personally , I totally agree that social media brings more disadvantages compared to advantages it gives us .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media have more disadvantages compared to advantages it gives us .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media brings more disadvantages compared to benefits it gives us .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media offers more disadvantages compared to advantages it gives us .
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know we really live a good life , it wastes us a lot of time as well .
Although it is really helpful when we need to use it to let other people know we really live a good life , it wastes us a lot of time as well .
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know we do live a good life , it wastes us a lot of time as well .
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know we really live a fine life , it wastes us a lot of time as well .
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know we really live a good life , it takes us a lot of time as well .
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know we really live a good life , it wastes us a lot of money as well .
Think in another way , if we put those time we spend on wandering on those sites , we may already finish one book or do other more meaningful things .
Think in another way , if we put those time we spend on wandering on those sites , we may already finish one book or do other more interesting things .
Think in another way , if we put those time we spend on wandering on those sites , we may already finish one book or do other more valuable things .
Think in another way , if we put those time we spend on wandering on those sites , we may already finish one book or do other more helpful things .
Think in another way , if we put those time we spend on wandering on those sites , people may already finish one book or do other more meaningful things .
Think in another way , if we put those time we spend on wandering on those sites , they may already finish one book or do other more meaningful things .
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to contact with our family or friends .
We should keep in mind that there are still options for us to contact with our family or friends .
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to contact with our loved family or friends .
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to contact with our family or old friends .
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to contact with our family or distant friends .
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to contact with our family or close friends .
Everything will be bad if we do n't know how to use them wisely no matter whether it is really good or not .
Everything will be worse if we do n't know how to use them wisely no matter whether it is really good or not .
Everything will be bad if we do n't know how to use them wisely no matter whether it is really useful or not .
Everything will be bad if we do n't know how to use them wisely no matter whether it is really helpful or not .
Everything will be bad if we do n't know how to use them wisely no matter whether it is really beneficial or not .
Everything will be bad if we do n't know how to use them correctly no matter whether it is really good or not .
As a result , it is important for people to know that we need to be cautious about the time we spend on these social media .
As a result , it is necessary for people to know that we need to be cautious about the time we spend on these social media .
As a result , it is essential for people to know that we need to be cautious about the time we spend on these social media .
As a result , it is important for human beings to know that we need to be cautious about the time we spend on these social media .
As a result , it is important for people to know that we need to be cautious about the time we spend on these social media .
As a result , it is important for people to know that we need to be cautious about the time we spend on these social media platforms .
As stated above , I strongly believe that if we can use social media wisely rather than abusing it , we will all live a better life .
As stated before , I strongly believe that if we can use social media wisely rather than abusing it , we will all live a better life .
As stated above , I strongly think that if we can use social media wisely rather than abusing it , we will all live a better life .
As stated above , I firmly believe that if we can use social media wisely rather than abusing it , we will all live a better life .
As stated above , I strongly believe that if we can utilise social media wisely rather than abusing it , we will all live a better life .
As stated above , I strongly believe that if we can use social media wisely rather than abusing it , we will all live a fine life .
The advantage and disadvantage of social media
The advantage and disadvantage of social media sites
The advantage and disadvantage of social media websites
The advantage and disadvantage of social media platforms
The advantage and disadvantage of social media are known by people
The advantage and disadvantage of social media are clear
Nowadays , as the technology is becoming increasingly advanced , more and more social media sites are showing up in our daily life .
Nowadays , as the technology is becoming hugely advanced , more and more social media sites are showing up in our daily life .
Nowadays , as the technology is becoming increasingly improved , more and more social media sites are showing up in our daily life .
Nowadays , as the technology is becoming increasingly advanced , more and more social media web sites are showing up in our daily life .
Nowadays , as the technology is becoming increasingly advanced , more and more social media sites are showing up in our everyday life .
Nowadays , since the technology is becoming increasingly advanced , more and more social media sites are showing up in our daily life .
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter through their smart phones or ipad on buses or on trains .
You can find people playing Facebook , Twitter through their smart phones or ipad on buses or on trains .
You can notice people playing Facebook , Twitter through their smart phones or ipad on buses or on trains .
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter through their smart tele phones or ipad on buses or on trains .
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter through their smart phones or ipad on their way or on trains .
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter through their smart phones or ipad on buses .
Some may say that the appearance for these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face .
Some may say that the invention for these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face .
Some may say that the appearance for these media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face .
Some may say that the appearance for these modern media will reduce the opportunity for people to communicate face to face .
Some may say that the appearance for these modern media will reduce the chance for people to interact face to face .
Some may think that the appearance for these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face .
This essay will illustrate the pros and cons of using social media in modern society .
This will illustrate the pros and cons of using social media in modern society .
This essay will demonstrate the pros and cons of using social media in modern society .
This essay will show the pros and cons of using social media in modern society .
This essay will illustrate the pros and cons of using social media platform in modern society .
This essay will illustrate the pros and cons of using social media in whole society .
Firstly of all , social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other .
Firstly of all , social media can make it more efficient for people to make friends and contact each other .
Firstly of all , social media can make it more effective for people to make friends and contact each other .
Firstly of all , social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact other s .
Firstly of all , social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact one an other .
Firstly of all , social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and communicate with each other .
Years ago when these modern products have not been popular , the way for people to communicate or contact people far way are still restricted in making phone calls , sending emails or writing letters .
Decades ago when these modern products have not been popular , the way for people to communicate or contact people far way are still restricted in making phone calls , sending emails or writing letters .
Years ago when these technological products have not been popular , the way for people to communicate or contact people far way are still restricted in making phone calls , sending emails or writing letters .
Years ago when these modern products have not been popular , the method for people to communicate or contact people far way are still restricted in making phone calls , sending emails or writing letters .
Years ago when these modern products have not been popular , the way for people to communicate or contact people far way are still restricted in making video calls , sending emails or writing letters .
Years ago when these modern products have not been popular , the way for people to communicate or contact people far way are still restricted in making phone calls , sending images or writing letters .
Some will take long time and some are not efficient enough for people to get their response .
Some will take long time and some are not competent enough for people to get their response .
Some will take long time and some are not efficient enough for us to get our response .
Some will take long time and some are not efficient enough for people to get their aplies .
Some will take long time and some are not efficient enough for people to get their response from these sites .
Some will take a lot of time and some are not efficient enough for people to get their response .
However , social media solves these problems well .
Nevertheless , social media solves these problems well .
However , social media such as Facebook , solves these problems well .
However , social media solves these that are caused by distance problems well .
However , social media solves these problems efficiently .
However , as we can see, media solves these problems well .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get their reply very fast .
People can communicate with their friends on the internet and get their reply very fast .
People can contact their friends and families on the internet and get their reply very fast .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get their responses very fast .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get their reply in a short time .
People can contact their friends with the help pf social media and get their reply very fast .
The communication is also not limited in words .
The communication on the Internet is also not limited in words .
Besides, the communication is not limited in words .
The communication is also not limited in distance .
With the social media the communication is also not limited in words .
The communication is not limited in words .
People can express themselves through pictures or emotions .
When communicating on the Internet, people can express themselves through pictures or emotions .
People can share something interesting or sad through pictures or emotions .
Friends can express themselves through pictures or emotions .
People can express themselves with the help of pictures or emotions .
People can express themselves on the Internet through pictures or emotions .
People can also get to know their friends ' state and mood by looking at their posts on line .
Besides, people can get to know their friends ' state and mood by looking at their posts on line .
People can also get to know something about their friends ' state and mood by looking at their posts on line .
People can also get to know their friends ' life and work by looking at their posts on line .
People can also get to know their friends ' state and mood by going through their posts on line .
If people want to get to know their friends ' state and mood , they can look at their posts on line .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in social situation and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
What' more , people can be aware of what is going on in social situation and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
Moreover , people can get to know what is going on in social situation and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in social situation and see the comments online and express their opinions on these websites .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is happening in social situation and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in social situation and see the comments online and share their opinions on Internet .
These social media makes people 's life much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
These social media makes people 's life much more convenient and provide a lot of fun .
These social media makes people 's life much more colorful and provide a lot of pleasure .
These social media makes people 's life full of variety and provide a lot of fun .
These social media makes people 's life much more colorful and convenient .
These social media makes people 's life much more colorful and bring a lot of fun .
However , social media may do some harm to people 's life .
Netheless , social media may do some harm to people 's life .
However , social media maight do some harm to people 's life .
However , social media may bring negative effects to people 's life .
However , there is a fact that social media may do some harm to people 's life .
However , it is no doubt that social media may do some harm to people 's life .
It will make people spend more time on chatting on the internet rather than communicate face to face such that the interpersonal skill will be badly affected .
It will make people spend more time on talking on the internet rather than communicate face to face such that the interpersonal skill will be badly affected .
It will make people spend more time on chatting on the internet rather than communicate face to face so that the interpersonal skill will be badly affected .
It will make people spend more time on chatting on the internet rather than communicate face to face such that the interpersonal skill will be badly influenced .
It will make people spend more time on chatting on the social media rather than communicate face to face such that the interpersonal skill will be badly affected .
It will make people spend more time on chatting on the internet rather than communicate in real life such that the interpersonal skill will be badly affected .
Some people spend a lot of time in it and forget their real life .
Some people spend a lot of money in it and forget their real life .
Some students spend a lot of time in it and forget their real life .
Some netizens spend a lot of time in it and forget their real life .
Some people spend a lot of time and money in it and forget their real life .
Many people spend a lot of time in it and forget their real life .
Actually , I have seen some people are very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
Actually , I have found some people are very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
Actually , I have noticed some people are very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
Actually , I have seen some people are very enjoyable and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
Actually , I have seen some people are very funny and interesting when I am communicating with them online .
Actually , I have seen some people are very funny and interesting when I am interacting with them online .
However , they behave quite boring when I talk to them in real life .
However , they behave pretty boring when I talk to them in real life .
However , they behave much boring when I talk to them in real life .
However , they behave quite unhappy when I talk to them in real life .
However , they behave quite sad when I talk to them in real life .
However , they behave quite boring when I speak to them in real life .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up .
Young people are developing their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up .
Children are developing their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are adults .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal ability and social skills when they are growing up .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal capacity and social skills when they are growing up .
If they spend too much time on these social media , it may cause some problems to their mental development .
If they spend too much money on these social media , it may cause some problems to their mental development .
If they spend too much time on these social media , it may lead to some problems to their mental development .
If they spend too much time on these social media , it may result in some problems to their mental development .
If they spend too much time on these social media , it may cause some problems to their mental growth .
If people spend too much time on these social media , it may cause some problems to their mental development .
They may feel uncomfortable when they communicate with people face to face .
They may feel unhappy when they communicate with people face to face .
They may feel uncomfortable when they interact with people face to face .
They may feel uncomfortable when they socialise with people face to face .
They may feel uncomfortable when they communicate with other people face to face .
They may feel sad when they communicate with people face to face .
Some may share fewer and fewer time with their family and not knowing how to express themselves .
Some may share fewer and fewer time with their friends and not knowing how to express themselves .
Some may share fewer and fewer time with their family and not knowing how to show themselves .
Some may share fewer and fewer time with their family and not knowing how to express themselves properly .
Some may share fewer and fewer time with their family and not knowing how to express themselves correctly .
Some might share fewer and fewer time with their family and not knowing how to express themselves .
Moreover , some wrong values on the websites will affect teenagers and confuse them .
Moreover , some false values on the websites will affect teenagers and confuse them .
Moreover , some bad values on the websites will affect teenagers and confuse them .
Moreover , some wrong values on the websites will influence teenagers and confuse them .
Moreover , some wrong values on the websites will affect children and confuse them .
Moreover , some wrong values on the websites will affect young adults and confuse them .
Some may even do something wrong .
Some may even do something terrible .
Some may even do something bad .
Some may even do everything wrong .
Some may even do something wrong in the real life .
Some may even do something wrong online .
In conclusion , the showing up of social media sites is a double edged sword .
To sum up , the showing up of social media sites is a double edged sword .
In a word , the showing up of social media sites is a double edged sword .
In conclusion , the showing up of social media platforms is a double edged sword .
In conclusion , the showing up of social media web sites is a double edged sword .
In short , the showing up of social media sites is a double edged sword .
It can make our life simpler .
Information technology can make our life simpler .
It can expedite our life routine .
It has the potential to streamline make our daily existence .
It can make our life more complex .
It can make our life simpler , and full of joy .
People can promote their friendship and relationship through these social media .
People can enhance their friendship and relationship through these social media .
People can promote their friendship and relationship through these virtual forums .
People can undermine their friendship and relationship through these social media .
People can promote their friendship and relationship through appropriate use of social media .
People can promote their friendship and relationship by means of these social media .
Whereas , it can also make people forget to communicate to their family and friends in the real life and affect negatively to their interpersonal skills .
Whereas , it can also make people forget to communicate to their family and friends in the person and affect negatively to their interpersonal skills .
Whereas , it can also make people forget to communicate to their family and friends in the real life , ultimately impacting negatively to their interpersonal skills .
Whereas , it can also cause people forget to communicate to their family and friends in the real life and affect negatively to their interpersonal skills .
Whereas , it can also make people forget to communicate to their loved ones in the real life and affect negatively to their interpersonal skills .
Whereas , it can also make people forget to communicate to their family and friends in the real life and hinder the development of to their interpersonal skills .
But overall , the advantages far outweigh its disadvantage .
But overall , the advantages of utilizing social media far outweigh its disadvantage .
But nevertheless , the advantages far outweigh its disadvantage .
But overall , the advantages far surpass its disadvantage .
But overall , the positives far outweigh its disadvantage .
In general , the advantages far outweigh its disadvantage .
So we need to make best use of these social media and make it a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
So we need to make best use of these social media and utilize it as a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
So we need to make most out of these social media and make it a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
So we need to make best use of these social media and make it a n entertaining way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
So we need to make best use of these social media and make it a fun way of adding some excitement when things become tedious .
So we need to make best use of these social media and leverage it as a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
And try to bypass the shortcomings .
And try to pay attention to the shortcomings .
And try to bypass the shortcomings of doing that .
And try your best to bypass the shortcomings .
And do something to bypass the shortcomings .
And try to bypass the shortcomings , you know .
Remember to send greetings to our friends and family frequently .
Remember to convey our regards to our friends and family frequently .
Remember to send salutations to our friends and family frequently .
Remember that not forget to send greetings to our friends and family frequently .
Remember to send warm wishes to our friends and family frequently .
Remember to send greetings to our loved ones and acquaintances frequently .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to communicate wherever you are .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to communicate regardless of one's location .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is greatly facilitated to communicate wherever you are .
Nowadays , thanks to the advancement of technology , it is easy to communicate wherever you are .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to stay connected wherever you are .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is hassle-free to communicate wherever you are .
The appearance of social media sites truly connects people closely .
The advent of social media sites truly connects people closely .
The appearance of social media sites undeniably connects people closely .
The appearance of social media sites truly connects people closely in a more meaningful way .
The appearance of social media sites truly strengthens human connections .
The appearance of social media sites truly fostered closer connections between people .
People can know their friends ' recently looks and interesting things happens on that people just by checking their facebook or other social media sites .
People can know their friends ' recently looks and interesting things happens on that people just by perusing their facebook or other social media sites .
People can stay informed their friends ' recently looks and interesting things happens on that people just by checking their facebook or other social media sites .
People can know their friends ' recently looks and intriguing experiences happens on that people just by checking their facebook or other social media sites .
People can know their friends ' recently looks and fascinating things happens on that people just by checking their facebook or other social media sites .
People can know their friends ' recently looks and interesting things happens on that people just by browsing through their facebook or other social media sites .
We can not deny that the social media sites truly make the old friends do not lose the information and the chances to communicate with you even you are in a different country .
We can not deny that the social media sites truly make the distant friends do not lose the information and the chances to communicate with you even you are in a different country .
We can not deny that the social media sites truly make the old friends do not lose the information and the chances to interact with you even you are in a different country .
We can not deny that the social media sites truly make the old friends do not lose the information and the chances to communicate with you even you are in a distant country .
We can not deny that the social media sites truly make the old friends do not lose the information and the chances to communicate with you even you are in a remoted country .
We can not deny that the social media sites truly make the old friends do not lose the information and the chances to communicate with you even you are in a different place .
However , the social media sites truly reduce the communication in face-to-face which truly affects interpersonal skills .
However , the social media sites truly lower the communication in face-to-face which truly affects interpersonal skills .
However , the social media sites truly reduce the interaction in face-to-face which truly affects interpersonal skills .
However , the social media sites truly reduce the communication in face-to-face which truly influences interpersonal skills .
However , the social media sites truly reduce the communication in face-to-face which truly impacts interpersonal skills .
However , the social media sites truly reduce the communication in face-to-face which truly affects interpersonal abilities .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages of using the social media in people 's daily life .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages of using the social media in people 's everyday life .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages of using the social media in people 's ordinary life .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages of using the social media in people 's normal life .
There are many advantages and two disadvantages of using the social media in people 's daily life .
There are both advantages and disadvantages of using the social media in people 's daily life .
Firstly , the social media sites can connect people with their friends and parents closely .
Firstly , the social media web sites can connect people with their friends and parents closely .
Firstly , the social media platforms can connect people with their friends and parents closely .
Firstly , the social media sites can connect people with their close friends and parents closely .
Firstly , the social media sites can connect people with their friends and families closely .
Firstly , the social media sites can link people with their friends and parents closely .
By typing the words and showing the pictures , people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express .
By typing the words and showing the pictures , people can express their feelings that they are too shy to express .
By texting the words and showing the pictures , people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express .
By typing the sentences and showing the pictures , people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express .
By typing the words and sharing the pictures , people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express .
By typing the words and updating the pictures , people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express .
For example , on mother 's day , people are shy to say " I love you " to their mothers so they can type it on his or her mother 's facebook page .
For instance , on mother 's day , people are shy to say " I love you " to their mothers so they can type it on his or her mother 's facebook page .
For example , on mother 's day , people are shy to say " I love you " to their mothers so they can type it on his or her mother 's twitter page .
For example , on mother 's day , we are shy to say " I love you " to their mothers so they can type it on his or her mother 's facebook page .
For example , on mother 's day , people are unwilling to say " I love you " to their mothers so they can type it on his or her mother 's facebook page .
For example , on father 's day , people are shy to say " I love you " to their fathers so they can type it on his or her father 's facebook page .
Then his or her mother will also know the emotion and feel warm .
Then his or her mother will also know the feeling and feel warm .
Then his or her mother will also know the emotion and feel warm in their hearts .
Then his or her mother will also know the emotion and feel happy .
Then his or her mother will also know the emotion and feel food .
Then his or her mother will also know the emotion and feel nice .
On the other hand , when the teenager is studying in a foreign country , the internet is the only way that he can communicate with their parents and friends .
On the other hand , when the teenager is studying in a different country , the internet is the only way that he can communicate with their parents and friends .
On the other hand , when the teenager is studying in a distant country , the internet is the only way that he can communicate with their parents and friends .
On the other hand , when the teenager is studying in a foreign place , the internet is the only way that he can communicate with their parents and friends .
On the other hand , when the teenager is studying in a foreign country , the network is the only way that he can communicate with their parents and friends .
On the other hand , when the teenager is studying in a foreign country , the internet is the only way that he can interact with their parents and friends .
Therefore , the social media is truly good for people .
Thus , the social media is truly good for people .
Hence , the social media is truly good for people .
Therefore , the social media is really good for people .
Therefore , the social media is truly good for them .
Therefore , the social media is good for people .
Secondly , the social media sites can not only connect people with their friends closely .
Secondly , the social media sites can not only linked people with their friends closely .
Secondly , the social media sites can not only connect people with their distant friends closely .
Secondly , the social media sites can not only connect people with their old friends closely .
Secondly , the social media web sites can not only connect people with their friends closely .
Secondly , the social media platforms can not only connect people with their friends closely .
People can also know much information about the celebrity in Twitter and Facebook such as Obama , Bill Gates and get the first-hand study materials on it .
People can also know much useful information about the celebrity in Twitter and Facebook such as Obama , Bill Gates and get the first-hand study materials on it .
People can also know much helpful information about the celebrity in Twitter and Facebook such as Obama , Bill Gates and get the first-hand study materials on it .
People can also know much information about the celebrity in Twitter and Facebook such as Trump , Bill Gates and get the first-hand study materials on it .
People can also know much information about the celebrity in Twitter and Facebook such as Obama , Bill Gates and get the first-hand learning materials on it .
People can also know much information about the celebrity in Twitter and Facebook such as Obama , Bill Gates and get the first-hand study content on it .
They can learn how these people succeed and they can also have the chance to talk with them and know these famous persons ' thought by using the social media .
They can learn how these people succeed and they can also have the opportunity to talk with them and know these famous persons ' thought by using the social media .
They can learn how these people succeed and they can also have the chance to speak with them and know these famous persons ' thought by using the social media .
They can learn how these people succeed and they can also have the chance to talk with them and know these well-known persons ' thought by using the social media .
They can learn how these people succeed and they can also have the chance to talk with them and know these famous figures ' thought by using the social media platform .
They can learn how these people succeed and they can also have the chance to talk with them and know these famous persons ' thought by using the social media website .
On the other hand , with the help of social media , some homeless people or someone who need the money to cure the disease can get the help from the world quickly because once one person know the information , his or her will share it to their " friends area " , then many people will know it and spread the information to the person who can give help .
On the other hand , with the help of social media , some homeless people or someone who need the money to cure the disease can get the assistance from the world quickly because once one person know the information , his or her will share it to their " friends area " , then many people will know it and spread the information to the person who can give help .
On the other hand , with the help of social media , some homeless people or someone who need the money to cure the disease can get the help from the world qfast because once one person know the information , his or her will share it to their " friends area " , then many people will know it and spread the information to the person who can give help .
On the other hand , with the help of social media , some homeless people or someone who need the money to cure the disease can get the help from the world quickly since once one person know the information , his or her will share it to their " friends area " , then many people will know it and spread the information to the person who can give help .
On the other hand , with the help of social media , some homeless people or someone who need the money to cure the disease can get the help from the world quickly because once one person know the information , his or her will send it to their " friends area " , then many people will know it and spread the information to the person who can give help .
On the other hand , with the help of social media , some homeless people or someone who need the money to cure the disease can get the help from the world quickly because once one person know the information , his or her will deliver it to their " friends area " , then many people will know it and spread the information to the person who can give help .
On the other hand , there are also problems with the population of the social media .
On the other hand , there are also concerns with the population of the social media .
On the other hand , there are also difficult issues with the population of the social media .
On the other hand , there are also complicated issues with the population of the social media .
On the other hand , there are even problems with the population of the social media .
On the other hand , there are also many problems with the population of the social media .
Firstly , when people rely on the social media to communicate with their friends and parents , they will accustom to communicate by typing and not talking .
Firstly , when people rely on the social media to interact with their friends and parents , they will accustom to communicate by typing and not talking .
Firstly , when people rely on the social media to communicate with their close friends and parents , they will accustom to communicate by typing and not talking .
Firstly , when people rely on the social media to communicate with their fdistant f riends and parents , they will accustom to communicate by typing and not talking .
Firstly , when people rely on the social media to communicate with their friends and parents , they will accustom to communicate by texting and not talking .
Firstly , when people rely on the social media to communicate with their friends and families , they will accustom to communicate by typing and not talking .
People even prefer talk to their friends and meet their friends online and gradually reject face-to-face communication .
People even prefer talk to their friends and meet their friends online and gradually reject face-to-face interaction .
People even prefer talk to their distant friends and meet their friends online and gradually reject face-to-face communication .
People even prefer talk to their close friends and meet their friends online and gradually reject face-to-face communication .
People even prefer talk to their friends and contact their friends online and gradually reject face-to-face communication .
People even prefer talk to their friends and meet their friends online and eventually reject face-to-face communication .
Therefore , the social media truly limit the interpersonal skills such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connect the relation between him and their friends .
Therefore , the social media truly confine the interpersonal skills such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connect the relation between him and their friends .
Therefore , the social media truly limit the interpersonal capacities such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connect the relation between him and their friends .
Therefore , the social media truly limit the interpersonal abilities such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connect the relation between him and their friends .
Therefore , the social media really limit the interpersonal skills such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connect the relation between him and their friends .
Therefore , the social media truly limit the interpersonal skills such that people miss the chance and the ability to practice talking and connect the relation between him and their friends .
Secondly , without the truly communication in the real life , people lose the ability to see the truth and false .
Secondly , without the truly communication in the real life , people lose the capacity to see the truth and false .
Secondly , without the truly communication in the real life , people lose the chance to see the truth and false .
Secondly , without the truly communication in the real life , people lose the opportunity to see the truth and false .
Secondly , without the truly communication in the real life , people lose the ability to find the truth and false .
Secondly , without the truly communication in the real life , people lose the ability to know the truth and false .
There are many people in the social media with beautiful image and good content in their pages , however in real life , he or she may do not have jobs or live poorly .
There are a lot of people in the social media with beautiful image and good content in their pages , however in real life , he or she may do not have jobs or live poorly .
There are many people in the social media with beautiful image and good content in their pages , however in real life , he or she may do not have jobs or live a bad life .
There are many people in the social media with beautiful image and good content in their pages , however in real life , he or she may do not have homes or live poorly .
There are many people in the social media with beautiful image and good content in their pages , however in real life , he or she may do not have jobs or live a poor life .
There are many people in the social media with beautiful image and good content in their pages , however in real life , he or she may do not have jobs or live aimlessly .
Teenagers may believe these people and easily be cheat and lose money even their safe .
Teenagers may trust these people and easily be cheat and lose money even their safe .
Young people may believe these people and easily be cheat and lose money even their safe .
Children may believe these people and easily be cheat and lose money even their safe .
Teenagers may believe those people and easily be cheat and lose money even their safe .
Teenagers may believe these strangers and easily be cheat and lose money even their safe .
Therefore , the social media is not safe which is bad to teenager 's future development .
Therefore , the social media is not safe which is bad to teenager 's future growth .
Therefore , the social media is not secure which is bad to teenager 's future development .
Therefore , the social media is not safe which is not good to teenager 's future development .
Therefore , the social media is not safe which is bad to teenager 's future advancement .
Therefore , the social media is not safe which is bad to teenager 's future improvement .
All in all , the appearance of social media truly helps people a lot in many areas .
All in all , the appearance of social media fully helps people a lot in many areas .
All in all , the appearance of social media really helps people a lot in many areas .
All in all , the appearance of social media truly helps them a lot in many areas .
All in all , the appearance of social media truly helps people a lot in many aspects .
All in all , the appearance of social media truly helps people a lot in many fields .
However , there exits some disadvantages which will affect people in some degree .
However , there exits some disadvantages which will influence people in some degree .
However , there exits some disadvantages which will impact people in some degree .
However , there exits some disadvantages which will affect people in a certain degree .
Still , there exits some disadvantages which will affect people in some degree .
However , there exits many disadvantages which will affect people in some degree .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our Daily life and Society .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our Ordinary life and Society .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media Website in Our Daily life and Society .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media Platform in Our Daily life and Society .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our Daily life and Society Frequently .
Benefits and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our Daily life and Society .
Nowadays , with the development of technology and society , social media become more popular and even important in our daily life .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology and society , social media become more popular and even important in our daily life .
Nowadays , with the improvement of technology and society , social media become more popular and even important in our daily life .
Nowadays , with the development of technology and society , social media become even more popular and even important in our daily life .
Nowadays , with the development of technology and society , social media become more widespread and even important in our daily life .
Nowadays , with the development of technology , social media become more popular and even important in our daily life .
We communicate with others using social media , such as twitter , facebook and microblog more and more frequently .
We interact with others using social media , such as twitter , facebook and microblog more and more frequently .
We communicate with other people using social media , such as twitter , facebook and microblog more and more frequently .
We communicate with others using social media sites , such as twitter , facebook and microblog more and more frequently .
We communicate with others using social media , like twitter , facebook and microblog more and more frequently .
We connect with others using social media , such as twitter , facebook and microblog more and more frequently .
There is no need to for people to go out of their home to interact with others , they chat online , share pictures , tell others what they have done or funny stories .
There is no necessity to for people to go out of their home to interact with others , they chat online , share pictures , tell others what they have done or funny stories .
There is no need to for people to go out of their own home to interact with others , they chat online , share pictures , tell others what they have done or funny stories .
There is no need to for people to go out of their home to connect with others , they chat online , share pictures , tell others what they have done or funny stories .
There is no need to for people to go out of their home to interact with others , they talk online , share pictures , tell others what they have done or funny stories .
There is no need to for people to go out of their home to interact with others , they chat online , share pictures , tell other people what they have done or funny stories .
It seems that people build a good relationship with others by the social media , but the problems come out .
It seems that people establish a good relationship with others by the social media , but the problems come out .
It seems that human beings build a good relationship with others by the social media , but the problems come out .
It seems that people build a good relationship with other people by the social media , but the problems come out .
It seems that people build a perfect relationship with others by the social media , but the problems come out .
It seems that people build a great relationship with others by the social media , but the problems come out .
Pepope do not know how to talk with others face to face , especially the strangers .
Pepope do not know how to communicate with others face to face , especially the strangers .
Pepope do not know how to contact with others face to face , especially the strangers .
Pepope do not know how to talk with others face to face , especially the foreign people .
Pepope do not know how to talk with others face to face , especially the unknown people .
Pepope do not know how to talk with others face to face , especially the some strangers .
Then , we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in your daily life and society .
Then , we need to talk about the benefits and disadvantages of using social media in your daily life and society .
Then , we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in your daily life .
Then , we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in your everyday life and society .
Then , we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in your ordinary life and society .
Then , we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media software in your daily life and society .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : more convenient to contact others , easier to know about others .
There are two apects that can show the advantages : more convenient to contact others , easier to know about others .
As for the advantages , there are two sides : more convenient to contact others , easier to know about others .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : more convenient to communicate with others , easier to know about others .
When talking about the advantages , there are two aspects : more convenient to contact others , easier to know about others .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : more convenient to contact others , easier to know about on the Internet .
One advantage is that it is more convenience to contact others by social media .
One advantage is that it is more convenience to contact others on the Internet .
One of the s advantage is that it is more convenience to contact others by social media .
Contacting others by social media is more convenience .
One advantage is that it is more convenience to communicate with others by social media .
One positive aspect is that it is more convenience to contact others by social media .
In old days , if one wants to tell some important news to another one , which lives far away , he needs to write letters and it wastes time .
In old days , if one wants to tell some essential news to another one , which lives far away , he needs to write letters and it wastes time .
In old days , if one wants to tell some important news to another one , which lives far away , he needs to send letters and it wastes time .
In old days , if one wants to tell some thing new to another one , which lives far away , he needs to write letters and it wastes time .
In old days , if one wants to tell some important news to another one , which lives in a remote place , he needs to write letters and it wastes time .
In old days , if one wants to tell some important news to another one , which lives far away , he needs to write letters and it wastes a long .
The long distance and time-consuming make spreading the messages very difficult at that time .
The long distance and time-consuming make spreading the messages very difficult in the old days .
The long distance and time-consuming make spreading the messages extremely difficult at that time .
The long distance and time-consuming make it very difficult to spread the messages at that time .
The long distance and time-consuming make exchanging the messages very difficult at that time .
The long distance and time-consuming make spreading the messages very hard at that time .
Therefore , people may not contact with the faraway friends and relatives unless there are something important .
As a result , people may not contact with the faraway friends and relatives unless there are something important .
Therefore , people may not contact with the friends and relatives who live far away unless there are something important .
Therefore , people may not contact with the faraway friends and relatives if there are not something important .
Therefore , people may not contact with the faraway friends and relatives unless there are something essential .
Therefore , people may contact with the faraway friends and relatives if there are something important .
However , people now can contact with anyone all over the world who can use computer at any time , and there is no time delay of messages .
Nevertheless , people now can contact with anyone all over the world who can use computer at any time , and there is no time delay of messages .
However , with the help of social media people now can contact with anyone all over the world who can use computer at any time , and there is no time delay of messages .
However , people now can keep in contact with anyone all over the world who can use computer at any time , and there is no time delay of messages .
However , people now can contact with anybody all over the world who can use computer at any time , and there is no time delay of messages .
However , people now can contact with anyone all over the planet who can use computer at any time , and there is no time delay of messages .
The other advantage is that it is easier to know about others by social media .
The other advantage is that it is easier to know about others on the Internet .
The other advantage is that it is easier for people to know about others by social media .
The other advantage is that it is more convenient to know about others by social media .
The other positive aspect is that it is easier to know about others by social media .
It is easier to know about others by social media .
If there is no social media , it is difficult for people to know about a stranger .
If there is no Internet , it is difficult for people to know about a stranger .
If there is no social media , it is much harder for people to know about a stranger .
If there is no social media , it is difficult for us to know about a stranger .
If there is no social media , it is difficult for people to know about a who they want to know .
If there is no social media which is really convenient , it is difficult for people to know about a stranger .
They may collect information about that person by asking his friends , colleagues or family members .
They may collect information about that person by talking with his friends , colleagues or family members .
They may get more information about that person by asking his friends , colleagues or family members .
They may collect information about that person who they want to know by asking his friends , colleagues or family members .
They may gather information about that person by asking his friends , colleagues or family members .
They may collect information about that person by the way of asking his friends , colleagues or family members .
And the information collected may not be intact and true .
And the information that has been collected may not be intact and true .
And the information collected may not be intact and correct .
And the information collected on the Internet may not be intact and true .
And the information that people collected may not be intact and true .
Whats more the information collected may not be intact and true .
Unlike today , with the help with social media , people can easily get the information they want just by searching on line , and know about what that person did everyday at what time .
Unlike nowadays , with the help with social media , people can easily get the information they want just by searching on line , and know about what that person did everyday at what time .
Unlike today , with the help with social media , people can easily get the information want just by searching on line , and know about what that person did everyday at what time .
Unlike today , with the help with social media , people can easily get the report they want just by searching on line , and know about what that person did everyday at what time .
Unlike today , with the help with social media , people can easily get the information they want just by searching on the internet , and know about what that person did everyday at what time .
Unlike today , with the help with social media , people can easily get the information they want just by searching on line , and know about what that netizen did everyday at what time .
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily life , wasting time , causing illness related to sitting long time before the computer , quick-spread of rumor and fake news , most importantly , making people lost the ability to talk to others face to face confidently .
As for the impacts of social media in our daily life , wasting time , causing illness related to sitting long time before the computer , quick-spread of rumor and fake news , most importantly , making people lost the ability to talk to others face to face confidently .
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily life , wasting time , causing illness related to sitting long time before the digital devices , quick-spread of rumor and fake news , most importantly , making people lost the ability to talk to others face to face confidently .
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily life , wasting time , causing illness related to sitting long time before the computer , quick-spread of gossip and fake news , most importantly , making people lost the ability to talk to others face to face confidently .
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily life , wasting time , causing illness related to sitting long time before the computer , quick-spread of rumor and fake news , most notably , making people lost the ability to talk to others face to face confidently .
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily life , wasting time , causing illness related to sitting long time before the computer , quick-spread of rumor and fake news , most importantly , making people lost the ability to talk something related to our real life to others face to face confidently .
It is weird that people sit around the table but all face to their phones and do not talk with each other .
It is rotten that people sit around the table but all face to their phones and do not talk with each other .
It is weird that people sit side the table but all face to their phones and do not talk with each other .
It is weird that people sit around the room but all face to their phones and do not talk with each other .
It is weird that people sit around the table but all play to their phones and do not talk with each other .
It is weird that people sit around the table but all face to their phones and do not talk with each other keeping silent for a long time .
If there is a joke on their facebook page , they may talk to others in this way , " hi , look , how ridiculous this is " , then they laugh together .
If there is a joke on their facebook page , they may talk to others in this way , " I have sometng fun for you hi , look , how ridiculous this is " , then they laugh together .
If there is a joke on their facebook page , they may send it to others in this way , " hi , look , how ridiculous this is " , then they laugh together .
If there is a joke on their facebook page , they may talk to others in this way , " hi , look , how ludicrous this is " , then they laugh together .
If there is a laughingstock on their facebook page , they may talk to others in this way , " hi , look , how ridiculous this is " , then they laugh together .
If there is a joke on their facebook page , they may talk to others in this way , " hi , look , how ridiculous this is " , then they laugh and forward to others together .
No matter it is a party , dinner or just simply get-together , there always are some people bow their head and playing their phones even their family and friends are in front of them .
No matter it is a feast , dinner or just simply get-together , there always are some people bow their head and playing their phones even their family and friends are in front of them .
No matter it is a party , dinner or just simply get-together , there always are some unpleasant person bow their head and playing their phones even their family and friends are in front of them .
No matter it is a party , dinner or just simply get-together , there always are some people bow their head notably and playing their phones even their family and friends are in front of them .
No matter it is a party , dinner or just simply get-together , there always are some people bow their head s and playing their phones even their family and friends are in front of them .
No matter it is a party , dinner or just simply get-together , there always are some people bow their head and playing their phones and send messages to strangers online even their family and friends are in front of them .
In a conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life .
In a reports , there are both advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life .
In a analysis , there are both advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life .
In a conclusion , there are both godsends and disadvantages of using social media in daily life .
In a conclusion , there are both advantages and detriments of using social media in daily life .
In a conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages of applying social media in daily life .
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while be aware of the disadvantages of that and try their best to avoid the disadvantages happen to them and their friends and family .
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while be ing aware of the disadvantages of that and try their best to avoid the disadvantages happen to them and their friends and family .
People should relish the advantages of social media while be aware of the disadvantages of that and try their best to avoid the disadvantages happen to them and their friends and family .
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while be aware of the disadvantages of that and make their best to avoid the disadvantages happen to them and their friends and family .
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while be aware of the disadvantages of that and try their best to avoid the disadvantages happen to them and their mates and family .
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while be aware of the disadvantages of that and try their best to avoid the disadvantages happen to them and their friends and family living jointly .
Today world is considered to be the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter which are attractively connecting people around the world .
Today planet is considered to be the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter which are attractively connecting people around the world .
Today world is assumed to be the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter which are attractively connecting people around the world .
Today world is considered to be the era of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter which are attractively connecting people around the world .
Today world is considered to be the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter which are attractively linking people around the world .
Today world is considered to be the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter which are attractively connecting human being around the world .
However , some people worry that social network can affect interpersonal skills as it reduces face-to-face human contact .
, some people worry that social network can affect interpersonal skills as it reduces face-to-face human contact .
However , some people are concerned that social network can affect interpersonal skills as it reduces face-to-face human contact .
However , some people worry that sociable network can affect interpersonal skills as it reduces face-to-face human contact .
However , some people worry that social network can affect interpersonal abilities as it reduces face-to-face human contact .
However , some people worry that social network can affect interpersonal skills as it reduces face-to-face human connection .
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in the society are elaborated on as follows .
The edges and disadvantages of using such social media in the society are elaborated on as follows .
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in society are elaborated on as follows .
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in the association are elaborated on as follows .
The advantages and disadvantages of associations such as social media in society are elaborated on as follows .
The advantages and profiles of using such social media in society are elaborated on as follows .
Nobody can deny social media 's advantages as the benefit it provides in connecting people regardless of nationalities , races , cultures and languages .
Nobody can deny social media 's positive impacts as the benefit it provides in connecting people regardless of nationalities , races , cultures and languages .
No one can deny social media 's advantages as the benefit it provides in connecting people regardless of nationalities , races , cultures and languages .
Nobody can contest social media 's advantages as the benefit it provides in connecting people regardless of nationalities , races , cultures and languages .
Nobody can deny social media 's advantages as the benefit it provides fosterg human connections in regardless of nationalities , races , cultures and languages .
Nobody can deny social media 's advantages as the benefit it provides in connecting people irrespective of nationalities , races , cultures and languages .
Social media is a trending channel and a suitable mean of communications .
Social media is a trending channel and a proper mean of communications .
Social media is a trending channel and a suitable way of communications .
Social media is a trending channel and a suitable mean of interactions .
Actually, social media is a trending channel and a suitable mean of communications .
Social media is a trending channel and a rather suitable mean of communications .
Firstly , social media brings convenience to the world .
Firstly , social media platforms brings convenience to the world .
Firstly , social media brings the fastest method of communication to the world .
Firstly , social media brings convenience to people .
Moreover , social media brings convenience to the world .
Firstly , social media brings comfort and convenience to the world .
It has erased the boundaries of distance and time .
It has eliminated the boundaries of distance and time .
It has erased the limits of distance and time .
It has erased the boundaries of space and time .
It has completely erased the boundaries of distance and time .
It has erased the boundaries of distance and time over the years .
No more worries about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages .
No more worries about the time it takes to deliver mails and packages .
No more worries about the time it takes to deliver letters and parcels .
No more concerns about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages .
No more worries about the time it takes to send letters and packages .
No more worries about the length of time it takes to deliver letters and packages .
Nowadays , thanks to the help of social media , with just one click , you can contact your family and friends wherever you want .
Today , thanks to the help of social media , with just one click , you can contact your family and friends wherever you want .
Nowadays , due to the help of social media , with just one click , you can contact your family and friends wherever you want .
Nowadays , thanks to the help of social media platforms , with just one click , you can contact your family and friends wherever you want .
Nowadays , thanks to the help of social media , with only one click , you can contact your family and friends wherever you want .
Nowadays , thanks to the help of social media , with just one click , you can contact your relatives and friends wherever you want .
You can share photos , videos and every meaningful experiences of your life .
You can share pictures , videos and every meaningful experiences of your life .
You can share photos , short videos and every meaningful experiences of your life .
You can share photos , videos and every important experiences of your life .
You can upload photos , videos and every meaningful experiences of your life .
You may share photos , videos and every meaningful experiences of your life .
More importantly , it is cheap and easy to use social media .
More significantly , it is cheap and easy to use social media .
More importantly , it is inexpensive and easy to use social media .
More importantly , it is cheap and simple to use social media .
More importantly , it is cheap and easy to use social media platforms .
More importantly , it is very cheap and easy to use social media .
Secondly , social media network opens the door of opportunities for people due to its great benefit in connecting .
Moreover , social media network opens the door of opportunities for people due to its great benefit in connecting .
Secondly , social media network opens the door of opportunities for people because of its great benefit in connecting .
Secondly , social media network opens the door of opportunities for people due to its great advantage in connecting .
Secondly , social media network opens the door of opportunities for people due to its big benefit in connecting .
Secondly , social media network opens the door of opportunities for people due to its great benefit in communication .
A lot of fresh graduates can find jobs thanks to Facebook and Twitter .
A lot of fresh graduates can find jobs thanks to Facebook and Instagram .
A lot of fresh graduates can find jobs thanks to Wechat and Twitter .
A lot of fresh graduates can find jobs due to Facebook and Twitter .
A lot of fresh graduates can get offers thanks to Facebook and Twitter .
Many recent graduates can find jobs thanks to Facebook and Twitter .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
Young and old people can widen their relationships , meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
Young people can widen their relationships , make new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet new friends and acquire wonderful things in many parts of the world .
Young people can widen their horizon , meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the wonderful world .
In business area , social media is a good tool to develop and advertise products and services .
In business section , social media is a good tool to develop and advertise products and services .
In commercial area , social media is a good tool to develop and advertise products and services .
In business area , social media is a good platform to develop and advertise products and services .
In business area , social media is a good tool to promote and advertise products and services .
In business area , social media is a good tool to develop and advertise all kinds of products and services .
On the other hand , social media also has disadvantages which have created worries to the society recently and made it a controversial phenomenon .
On the other hand , social media platform also has disadvantages which have created worries to the society recently and made it a controversial phenomenon .
On the other hand , social media also has drawbacks which have created worries to the society recently and made it a controversial phenomenon .
On the other hand , social media also has disadvantages which have caused worries to the society recently and made it a controversial phenomenon .
On the other hand , social media also has disadvantages which have created anxiety to the society recently and made it a controversial phenomenon .
On the other hand , social media also has disadvantages which have created worries to the society recently and made it a disputable phenomenon .
More and more young people tend to live in social media world most of their time and reduce face-to-face human contact , which can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social life .
More and more young people choose to live in social media world most of their time and reduce face-to-face human contact , which can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social life .
More and more young people tend to live in social media world most of their spare time and reduce face-to-face human contact , which can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social life .
More and more young people tend to live in social media world most of their time and reduce in-person human contact , which can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social life .
More and more young people tend to live in social media world most of their time and reduce face-to-face human contact , which can weaken interpersonal skills and relationships in social life .
More and more young people tend to live in social media world most of their time and reduce face-to-face human contact , which can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social world .
First and foremost , we should realize that social media world is not trustworthy and real .
First and foremost , we all should realize that social media world is not trustworthy and real .
First and foremost , we should find out that social media world is not trustworthy and real .
First and foremost , the users should realize that social media world is not trustworthy and real .
First and foremost , we should realize that social media world is not reliable and real .
First and foremost , we should realize that social media world is not trustworthy and exist .
Everyone can easily make up the personality and characteristics they want .
Everyone can really easily make up the personality and characteristics they want .
Everyone can easily make up the disposition and characteristics they want .
Everyone can easily make up the personality and figures they want .
Everyone can easily make up the trait and characteristics they want .
Everyone can easily make up the personality and characteristics they actually want .
They can become anyone .
We can become anyone .
They can become anyone they want to be .
They can hardly become anyone .
They can change into anyone .
They can become anyone with their efforts .
Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .
Though social media do create new relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .
Although social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .
Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only trustworthy and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .
Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real only if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .
Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face contact .
There is a story of a girl who lives in social media world every night in eight years .
There is a existed story of a girl who lives in social media world every night in eight years .
There is a story of a young girl who lives in social media world every night in eight years .
There is a story of a girl who lives in social media zone every night in eight years .
There is a story of a girl who lives in social media platform every night in eight years .
There is a story of a shy girl who lives in social media world every night in eight years .
In the chat room , she created a close relationship with eight people .
In the chat room , the girl created a close relationship with eight people .
In the chat room , she made a close relationship with eight people .
In the chat room , she created a close relationship with eight people from different countries .
In the chat room , she created a close relationship with eight or more people .
In the chat room , she created a intimate relationship with eight people .
She talked with them every night , trust them and share her life with them .
She chatted with them every night , trust them and share her life with them .
She talked with them every night , trust them and share her life with them .
She talked with them every night , trust them and share her experiences with them .
She talked with them every single night , trust them and share her life with them .
She talked with them every night , trust them and share her stories with them .
Then eventually , she discovered that eight people became one as he was using eight different identities to chat with her all the time .
Then ultimately , she discovered that eight people became one as he was using eight different identities to chat with her all the time .
Then eventually , she ascertained that eight people became one as he was using eight different identities to chat with her all the time .
Then eventually , she discovered that eight people became one as he was employing eight different identities to chat with her all the time .
Then eventually , she discovered that eight people became one as he was using eight different identities to chat with her all the while .
Then afterwards , she discovered that eight people became one as he was using eight different identities to chat with her all the time .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media is also its weakness .
Moreover , the convenience of social media is also its weakness .
What's more , the convenience of social media is also its weakness .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media is also its shortcoming .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media is also its defect .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media is also its limitation .
A lot of people use their true information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
A great deal of people use their true information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
A lot of people use their absolutely true information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
A lot of people use their true information on social media sites , which can be related to to crimes and deception .
A lot of people use their true information on social media sites , which can lead to misconduct and deception .
A lot of people use their true information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and fraud .
People can use the information to deceive family and friends and banks to do bad things such as blackmail , ATM theft and so on .
People can draw upon the information to deceive family and friends and banks to do bad things such as blackmail , ATM theft and so on .
People can use the information to deceive family and acquaintances and banks to do bad things such as blackmail , ATM theft and so on .
People can use the information to deceive family and friends and banks to do wicked things such as blackmail , ATM theft and so on .
People can use the personal data to deceive family and friends and banks to do bad things such as blackmail , ATM theft and so on .
People can use the information to deceive family and friends and banks to do evil things such as blackmail , ATM theft and so on .
Last but not least , social media does affect human interpersonal skills when people increase the time on social sites and reject chances to expose to social daily life activities as well as interacting with people .
Last but not least , social media does affect human interpersonal skills when people increase the time on social sites and reject chances to expose to social daily life activities as well as interacting with people .
Last but not least , social media does affect human interpersonal communication ability when people increase the time on social sites and reject chances to expose to social daily life activities as well as interacting with people .
Last but not least , social media does affect human interpersonal skills when people increase the time on social sites and reject possibilities to expose to social daily life activities as well as interacting with people .
Last but not least , social media does affect human interpersonal skills when people increase the time on social sites and reject chances to expose to social daily life activities as well as communicating with people .
Last but not least , social media does affect human interpersonal skills when people ramp up the time on social sites and reject chances to expose to social daily life activities as well as interacting with people .
Recent research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
The latest research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
Recent research has proved that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
Recent research has indicated that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
Recent research has shown that the more people consume time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
Recent research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become desirous .
As a result , if the situation keep go on in this unexpected trend , it will cause a bad effect on the young generation .
As a consequence , if the situation keep go on in this unexpected trend , it will cause a bad effect on the young generation .
As a result , if the current situation keep go on in this unexpected trend , it will cause a bad effect on the young generation .
As a result , if the situation keep go on in this unexpected trend , it will cause a bad effect on the young generation .
As a result , if the situation keep go on in this unexpected trend , it will cause a bad effect on the young generation .
As a result , if the situation keep go on in this unexpected trend , it will cause a bad effect on the young generation .
To put it in the nutshell , everything has its own pros and cons .
To put it in the nutshell , everything has its own positive sides and cons .
To put it in the nutshell , everything has its own pros and negative sides .
To put it in the nutshell , everything has got its own pros and cons .
To put it in the nutshell , everything has its own pros as well as cons .
To put it in the nutshell , everything possesses its own pros and cons .
So does social media network .
So does social media network .
So does social media network .
So does social media network .
So does social media network .
So does social media network .
It not only is convenient and beneficial in connecting people and developing the business but it also can damage people relationships and interpersonal skills .
It not only is convenient and beneficial in communicating people and developing the business but it also can damage people relationships and interpersonal skills .
It not only is convenient and beneficial in connecting people and running the business but it also can damage people relationships and interpersonal skills .
It not only is convenient and beneficial in connecting people and developing the business but it also can damage people friendships and interpersonal skills .
It not only is convenient and beneficial in connecting people and developing the business but it also can damage people relationships and interpersonal interpersonal skills .
It not only is lucky and beneficial in connecting people and developing the business but it also can damage people relationships and interpersonal skills .
Social media is only beneficial as long as we know how to use it in a correct and suitable way with the combination of both social media sites and daily life interaction to develop people 's potentials to the fullest .
Social media is only healthy as long as we know how to use it in a correct and suitable way with the combination of both social media sites and daily life interaction to develop people 's potentials to the fullest .
Social media is only beneficial as long as we comprehend how to use it in a correct and suitable way with the combination of both social media sites and daily life interaction to develop people 's potentials to the fullest .
Social media is only beneficial as long as we know how to use it in a correct and fitting way with the combination of both social media sites and daily life interaction to develop people 's potentials to the fullest .
Social media is only beneficial as long as we know how to use it in a correct and suitable way with the combination of both social media sites and customary life interaction to develop people 's potentials to the fullest .
Social media is only beneficial as long as we know how to use it in a correct and suitable way with the combination of both social media sites and daily life interchange to develop people 's potentials to the fullest .
