Candide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Candide is a parody on the guidelines of post-modernism .
Candide is a parody based on Neoclassicism .
Candide is a French satire on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Candide is a parody published in 1759 on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
That tragedy is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
He got closer to her and confided in her .
He approached her and told her everything .
He got closer to her and told her nearly everything .
He got closer to her and shared everything with her .
Her boyfriend got closer to her and told her everything .
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficently .
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will enable citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficently .
At a small scale , in metropolises , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficently .
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens to reach important places more efficently .
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important tourist attractions more efficently .
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to get to important places more efficently .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
The price was n't bearable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
The price was far from reasonable , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to roughly about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's too dear .
The price was n't exorbitant at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
She has become ugly and grew worse by the day .
She has become not so good-looking and grew worse by the day .
She has become ugly and grew worse with time passing by .
She has become ugly and grew intolerable by the day .
The headmistress has become ugly and grew worse by the day .
She has become an ugly lady and grew worse by the day .
Congratulations your sister for your prize .
I have received congratulations your sister for my prize .
Congratulations your sister for your Oscar award .
Congratulations your grandpa for your prize .
Congratulations your sister for your prize achieved in the contest .
Congratulations your sister and brother for your prize .
After that , the sports day began formally .
After all , the sports day began formally .
After that , the sports kicked off formally .
After that , the conference day began formally .
After that , the much awaited sports day began formally .
After that , the sports day drew near formally .
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a n opera house ?
Could you recollect when I told you I had been helped at a concert ?
Do you remember when I confided to you that I had been helped at a concert ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert for a couple of months ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped musicians at a concert ?
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Businesses are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Businesses and other trading organizations are fully prepared for 1992 , and the single market .
Businesses and other trading organizations inadequately prepared themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and so is the single market .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for the forthcoming event , and the single market .
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I 'm an American girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I 'm an Italian girl who 's struggling to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her spoken English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a n energetic personality .
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to perfect her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
France must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of rights but gain of the European equivalent .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalence .
Britain should not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but the benefit of the European equivalent.
The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals .
The large amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals .
The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and trees .
The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of lots of plants and animals .
The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot numerous plants and animals in the local area.
The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals in the area.
And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
And you do not need to pay any annual fees for having a credit card .
And they do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
And people do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
But you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card recently.
For example , when the semester start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
For instance , when the semester start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
For example , when the term start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
For example , when the semester start , people can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
For example , when the semester start , students can not get away from the air , beach , and travelling .
For example , when the semester start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and happy travelling time.
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
They should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
Women should be treated equal ly , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature wanted they to do ...
Women must be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
Women should be created equal men, but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
This sport is not just about a physical power .
This sport s game is not just about a physical power .
This sport is not only about a physical power .
This sport is not just about a physical strength .
This sport is not just about a magic power .
This sport is not just about a physical power shown in the process.
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
When I was four years old , my parents went skiing with me .
When I was three years old , my grandma went skiing with me .
When I was three years old , my mother went skiing with me .
When I was three years old , my father went skiing with me .
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me in foreign countries.
If the mother wants a boy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
If the woman wants a boy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
If the girl wants a boy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
If the mother wants a boy Y sperm is chosen and if a girl X is selected .
If the mother wants a boy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is chosen .
If the couple wants a boy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept .
There will always be things in one society that the others will never accept .
There will always be differences of one society that the others will never accept .
There will always be features of one society that the others will never accept .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never agree .
There will always be aspects of one society that others will never accept without hesitation.
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is essential controller them because there are a lot violent games .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is vital controller them because there are a lot violent games .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them since there are a lot violent games .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to improve , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent scenes .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
The only way to stop the circle is ing break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people who can do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we try our best to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use private or other public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this isourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
Firstly , a positive approach .
First of all , a positive approach .
Firstly , a positive method .
Firstly , a positive and meaningful approach .
Firstly , a n advantageous approach .
Firstly , a useful approach .
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
In brief , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased comparatively , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
In conclusion , investments on public transport that is developing will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
In a word , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
However , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
Anyway , no matter how we go , no matter where we go .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter what place you go .
No matter how you go , no matter where you go .
Anyway , however you go , wherever you go .
They are incredibily delicious .
The dishes are incredibily delicious .
They are incredibily delicious and healthy .
They are incredibily so that the restaurant is quite popular among the people near here .
They are incredibily delectable .
They are incredibily tasty .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
From another standpoint , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
From another perspective professional athletes are not good role models .
From another perspective , sometimes athletes who are professional are not good role models .
On the other hand , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
From another aspect , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
Statistically cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Statistically travelling by bikes is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Statistically cycling is considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Statistically cycling is generally considered to cause more traffic accidents than travelling by car .
Statistically cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than driving .
Statistically cycling is more dangerous than travelling by car .
To begin with , extract the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
At the begining , extract the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
To begin with , extract the mineral will be destructive to our environment .
To begin with , it's no doubt that extract the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
To begin with , extract the mineral will do harm to our environment .
To begin with , extract the mineral will pollute our environment .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
The Yellow river is the origin of the ancient Chinese civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts more than 6 thousand years .
The Nile river is the sourse of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years and irrigates crops on the two sides .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts several thousand years .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
World Heritage is the designation for places that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of brilliant universal value to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate , enjoy and inherit .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and in the same way , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and inherit .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good guy always wins , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
Unfortunately these online shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good guy always wins , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of true life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good guy always wins , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life be the good guy always wins , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good guy always wins , and always lives thru bad situations .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good guy always has the happy ending , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
According to the element of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be long-term development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be a constant improvement in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant change in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
According to the dynamics of the development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be successive development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
It shows that this kind of things can have a second life .
It shows that this type of things can have a second life .
It shows that this kind of things can have a third life .
It reveals that this kind of things can have a second life .
It shows that this kind of things can have a fourth life .
It shows that this kind of things can have a second opportunity .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
I have been taking lessons for several months , so I improved so much my abilities .
I have been taking lessons for six years , so I improved so much my abilities .
I have been taking English lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
I have been taking music lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities in this period.
I enjoy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
I enjoy this sport since I was a kid , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
I enjoy this sport since I was a little girl , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
I enjoy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to use it .
I enjoy this since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
I enjoy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it when I was in primary school.
In the fly I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
In the fly I was very excited because I received a lot of food .
n
In the fly I was very happy because I got a lot of food .
In the fly I was very happy because I received a lot of delicious food .
In the fly I was very happy because I received a lot of help .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position .
It would be a chance to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position .
It would be a great pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position .
It would be a pleasure to talk personally about why I am qualified for this position .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for this job .
It would be a great honour to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position .
There can be people tired of so much advertising contents but this is completely necessary .
There can be people tired of so much advertising contents but this is totally necessary .
There can be a lot of people tired of so much advertising contents but this is completely necessary .
There can be people tired of so advertising contents but this is completely necessary .
There can be people tired of so much advertising contents but this is necessary .
There can be people tired of so much advertising contents but this is completely useful .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is not surprising how important the sport can be to some .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how essential the sport can be to some .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some people .
The fee that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is unreasonable , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
If it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
If it have police all around the place nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
If it have police all over the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
If it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write some information or to draw .
If it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to paint .
If it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw something on walls.
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of everyone to have their own child .
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to raise their own child .
The people who are for this may argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
The people who are for this can argue by annoucing that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
The French people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
However , if you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
If you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
However , if you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of Spanish food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
However , if you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same terrific opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
However , if you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another delicious meal .
Whereas , if you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
I could n't believe my ears when the doorbell rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the theater as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how great I was in sound recording .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said I should get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
I just could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
It demonstrates that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
It reveals that our emotions cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to one an other .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we have a bond with each other .
It only reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
TV , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
Television , however , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
Television , therefore , has changed our lives in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been imagined of 00 years ago .
Internet , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
Terrorist activities causing havoc in public live .
Terrorist activities causing havoc in American live .
Terrorist activities causing mayhem in public live .
Terrorist attacks causing havoc in public live .
Terrorist activities wreaking havoc in public live .
Paranormal phenomena causing havoc in public live .
I had a great time with people who are working as a helper for the concert .
I had a good time with people who are working as a helper for the concert .
I had a great time with people who are working as a volunteer for the concert .
I had a great time with staff members who are working as a helper for the concert .
I had a great time with people who are working as a helper for the theater .
We had a great time with people who are working as a helper for the concert .
That feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
That feel was comfortable and made me felt relax .
That feel was quite comfortable and made me felt relax .
I think that feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
That feel was very comfortable and made me felt very relax .
This feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
There are a vriety of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the employees all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the intention of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially indoor sport activities !
There are many activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
Public transport is absolutely better .
Air transport is absolutely better .
Public expenditure is absolutely better .
Public transport is absolutely preferable .
I think public transport is absolutely better .
Public transport is absolutely better than that .
This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
This new approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
This scientific approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
This novel approach to gathering national sovereignty is called " integration " .
This novel approach to pooling national rights is called " integration " .
This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " by people.
Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
Life of people around the world is becoming busier and busier day by day .
Life of people around the globe is getting busier and busier day by day .
Life of people around the globe is turning to be busier and busier day by day .
Life of businessmen around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
Life of people around the globe is becoming happier and happier day by day .
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised .
I would like to apply for the job of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised .
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I knew advertised .
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I found advertised .
I would like to ask for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised .
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised last week.
Just you have to deal with the game .
Just you have to do with the game .
Just you have to deal with it .
Just you have to deal with the sports game .
Just you need to deal with the game .
Just you have to deal with the game in time .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
It 's pretty normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
It 's very normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when final exams are approaching .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being sad and nervous when exams are approaching .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching closer .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
In using this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the animals of the earth .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the world .
In utilizing this power in plants and animals we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our lands useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather .
Getting pretty wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather .
Getting totally wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , cold weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot days .
Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather, or having to keep drinking when extremely hot weather .
Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the man leading the countries .
Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the communications and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend totally on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading those countries .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
On the other side , the gym is too small .
On the one hand , the gym is too small .
On the other hand , the gym is small .
On the other hand , the gym is very small .
On the other hand , the gym is too small for those people.
Bodies can start their days in a test tubes .
Bodies can begin their days in a test tubes .
Those bodies can start their days in a test tubes .
Animal bodies can start their days in a test tubes .
Bodies can end their days in a test tubes .
Bodies can start their days in a small test tubes .
In the latter half century though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
In the latter half century though , her empire has declined in importance and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
In the latter half century nevertheless , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
In the latter half century though , her political power has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
In the latter half century though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility .
In the latter half century though , her empire has diminished and she has had to discharge mounting responsibility in Europe .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
They are frightened of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
They are scared of what a feeble lady can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
They are scared of what a woman can do and occasionally women get looked at differently .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get treated differently .
They are scared of what a woman can achieve and sometimes women get looked at differently .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
They do n't show for respect other passengers , just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep laughing and teasing each other , in spite of the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some sympathetic people have told them not to do this .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
They do n't respect other pedestrians , just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
I am waiting for your email .
The manager is waiting for your email .
I am waiting for your email in my bedroom .
I am waiting to receive your email .
I am waiting for my birthday present .
I am longing for your email .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
To be more specific , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently dissimilar to any other .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially basic necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be thought of individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of plight and a work inherently distinct from any other .
I am 17 years old .
I am 17 years younger than my niece .
The professor is only 17 years old .
I am a -year-old student 17 .
I am merely 17 years old .
I am already a 17-year-old student .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while making sure that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for instance in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military affairs , the central government spoke for all .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , in some cases , such as military matters , the central government spoke for all .
A balance was therefore kept in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
I believe this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
I think this is one of the best restaurant s to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could reserve some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible in that a lot of people usually goes there .
In my opinion , I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
It would be better for the patron to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
It would be better for the client to do terrific things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
It would be better for the client to get nice things done for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person that it would be to seek help from others .
It would be terrific for the client to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Then the two started to date .
Then the two started to get engaged .
Then the two intimate friends started to date .
Then the two started to be in a relationship .
Before long , the two started to date .
Then the two decided to have a date .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important message .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't essential information .
I woke up this morning and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about environment , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
I woke up late today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the class .
They assisted me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
They helped me to know words better than before starting the course .
They helped me to write words better than before starting the course .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the learning journey .
Besides in some cities , car can not be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Besides in many cities , car can not be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Besides in some places , car can not be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Besides in some cities , car can not be parked in certain places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Besides in some cities , car can not be placed in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Besides in some cities , car can not be parked in some special places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the work place as not being fair .
Feminists have discussed about promotions in the work place as not being fair .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the work place as not being equal .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the work place as not being transparent .
Feminists have been concerned about promotions in the work place as not being fair .
Feminists have talked about chances of getting a promotion in the work place as not being fair .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes pretty relevant .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly meaningful .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes much relevant .
With 1992 now only a month away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant for every British people.
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
This advertisement for a job has been reading by good person .
The advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
That advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
This advertisement for a part-time job has been reading by suitable person .
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable employee .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
Although one could say that you can always learn something .
Although one could think that you can always learn something .
Although one could realize that you can always learn something .
Although one could argue that you can always get something .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something if you want .
and sophisticated and can travel faster .
and complicated and can travel faster .
and sophisticated and can go faster .
and sophisticated and can walk faster .
and sophisticated and can travel slower .
and sophisticated and can travel even faster .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
All these were wanted to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
All these were required to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is important nowadays .
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential these days .
All these were needed to create the microwave which matters nowadays .
Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its history .
Learning a people 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its people .
Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is get to know its language .
Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language from local people.
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
Though , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we rejected to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to go back to to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even though we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
Although , one day later the teacher found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under pressure .
I am flexible , a great team player , and capable to work under pressure .
I am flexible , an excellant player , and capable to work under pressure .
I am flexible , a good team partner , and capable to work under pressure .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under much pressure .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under plenty of pressure .
Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab people , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab someone , a car used to crash someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to kill .
Whether it be a kitchen - sword used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate someone .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
One question is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
One problem is that the majority of people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
One problem is that many people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to people .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us in a short period of time.
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
It is a typical beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by tall trees instead of hotels .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of restaurants .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of flowers .
It is a special beach with stones rather than sand and surrounded by trees instead of dining halls .
Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
At the same time , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
Meanwhile , it boost economic development and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thus enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
Meanwhile , this boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) in the area .
Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knees and elbows .
Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and harmful , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knees and elbows .
Although far less interesting , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knees and elbows .
Although far less well-known , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knees and elbows .
Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their hands and elbows .
Although far less popular , there are other sports which are far more violent and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knees and elbows .
The've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
The've got a lot of different bowls , traditional and modern .
The've got a lot of beautiful dishes , traditional and modern .
The've got a lot of dishes , traditional and modern .
The've got a lot of different plates , traditional and modern .
The've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern ones.
To wrap up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
To wrap up the report just say that on the whole the course was interesting and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
To wrap up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it once more next year .
To wrap up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again in the second year .
To wrap up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next month .
oneTo wrap up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it once again next year .
I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
I have total availability at weekends and also in autumn .
I have total availability at weekends and also in winter .
They have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
I have complete availability at weekends and also in summer .
I have spare time at weekends and also in summer .
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
The most violent cartoons shown in this survey are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd , who is a fictional cartoon character .
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with the character Elmer Fudd .
The most violent cartoons I like are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
The most violent cartoons that impressed me most are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The metro and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car or taxi .
The train and bus companies have to liase with or compete each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to maintain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares charged to consumers have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
It has ever been very useful for severl yers a ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
It has ever been very serviceable for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was hindered , and society would save a lot of money .
It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money and time .
Public transport has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
Boxing is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
Bungee jumping is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
Boxing is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease when doing this sport .
Boxing is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , horrific injuries and even disease .
Boxing is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease that you cannot imagine .
Boxing is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease . But there are still many people loving it .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems and worries .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I let go of all problems .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am running in the playing field I forget all problems .
I always enjoy playing badminton because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems and I can be myself .
Nowadays the languages are very important , and more English .
Nowadays the languages are very vital , and more English .
Nowadays the languages are very important in daily life , and more English .
Nowadays the languages are very important when doing scientific research , and more English .
Nowadays the languages are very important , and more English , the global language , .
Nowadays the languages are very important for all the people , and more English .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for this language , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will value it as long as their economy needs it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their culture needs it .
There will be countries and regions in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will consider it indispensable as long as their economy needs it .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you stay healthy .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy and keep fit .
I realize the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
I know the health is very vital so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
I truly understand that the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
In my perspective the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to the decoration , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends or families .
In my opinion the cafeterian can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
In my opinion the restaurant around our school can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Every member have his own meaning of existence and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to direct his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to catch on the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or motivation to have with life .
Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team , a company or a family , to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
The invention of the public transport has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
The invention of the airplane has opened many windows and one other window is international relations .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is relations between different countries .
The apperance of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
The invention of the smartphone has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
She had blond hair and she was in a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
She had blond hair with a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
The girl over there had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress and white gloves .
The girl had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private car .
First of all , public transport is good for the environment compared to private car .
First , it's no doubt that the publc transport is good for the environment compared to private car .
First , public transport is beneficial to the environment compared to private car .
First , public transport is good for the environment especially while it's compared to private car .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to car .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made law .
As an example , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made law .
For instance , the law in British is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made law .
For instance , British law is based primarily upon precedent , that is judge made law .
British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made law .
For instance , the law in British is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made law .
It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
It means that the most important is the journey .
It signifies that the most important is the way , the journey .
It means that the most essential is the way , the journey .
That is to say, the most important is the way , the journey .
It means that the most important is the way .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
The sunset in that place is romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
The sunset in Spain is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
The sunset in that place is spectacular and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are accompanied your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You do not need to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You do not have to worry that you won't have enough time - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's up to you to decide whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay for more time in some place .
It's no need for you to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They do n't want to adopt these differences .
They are not willing to accept these differences .
However, they do n't want to accept these differences .
They do n't want to accept these existing differences .
They do n't want to accept these results .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
When they saw the deer , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free it .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , therefore, they decided to free the deer .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they made a desicion to free the deer .
They saw the animal was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
When they saw the animal trapped , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not reasonable enough before the claims were released .
The evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was strong enough when the claims were released .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong and reasonable enough before the claims were released .
I feel the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
Obviously , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
Apparently , many people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that other people are overpaid .
Apparently , most people think that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
Apparently , the majority of people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
And still , where are you now ? ? :)
And so , where are you now ? ? :)
And also , how are you now ? ? :)
And also , where are they now ? ? :)
And also , where are your friends now ? ? :)
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You can listen to your favorite song or radio .
They can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You should listen to your favorite music or radio .
You could listen to your favorite music or radio .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio program.
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more fascinating from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from bicycles to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people choose cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is cheap er and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
nowadays almost all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
After a few minutes , a woman picked up the phone .
After a few seconds , a man picked up the phone .
After a few seconds , a girl picked up the phone .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the tele phone .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the purse .
They have to reduce their budget
They have to reduce their spending
They have to increase their budget
They have to reduce their salary
People have to reduce their budget
They have to reduce their fee
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and phone number .
Michael delivered the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Michael sent the letter but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a huge mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door quietly and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from close friends and family .
It has also been announced that the jackpots are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too expensive most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high most of the lucky winners have said that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
It has also been claimed that the jackpots are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
It 's good to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
It 's nice to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our land .
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our place .
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most attractive centres in our country .
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
It is a well - known fact that people must have communication with other people .
It is a well - known fact that people need to have interaction with other people .
It is a well - known thing that people need to have communication with other people .
It is a well - known fact that normal people need to have communication with other people .
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people in their life.
I get a bit scared so I search them outside in the streets .
I get a bit frightened so I search them outside in the streets .
I get a bit scared therefore, I search them outside in the streets .
I get a bit scared so I search them outside .
I get a bit scared so I search my friends outside in the streets .
I get a bit worried so I search them outside in the streets .
All tv tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
All tv managed to get several licences to distribute their shows .
All tv tried to get several licences so that they can distribute their shows .
All tv tried to get several certifications to distribute their shows .
All tv tried to get licences as many as possible to distribute their shows .
All tv tried to get several licences to portion their shows .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
So if they realize that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by shouting at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
So if they sense that their owner might be at risk , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
So if they sense that their owner tend to be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately bark at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
A professional coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
It's no doubt that a skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of volleyball .
An experienced coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
Thank you so much for taking the time to listen !
Thanks so much for listenning !
I'm really grateful that you can take the time to listen !
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen to us !
Thanks so for taking the time to listen !
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
the owner is such a very kind person that I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
the owner is a very nice person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
the owner is a very kind person and I believe who he makes us a convenience price .
the possessor is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
the owner is a kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He knew that he must stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He knew that he had to stay with her until end the of his life and raise the baby .
He realized that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and bring up the baby .
He knew that he had to stay with her in his life and raise the baby .
A large scale of investment was bring for biofuel development .
A large sum of investment was bring for biofuel development .
As we can see, a large scale of investment was bring for biofuel development .
A large scale of investment was bring for renewable energy sources development .
A large scale of investment was bring for biofuel development by the government .
A lot of investment was bring for biofuel development .
On the first day before the sports day begin , we have the opening ceremony .
On the first day of the sports day begin , we have the opening ceremony .
On the first day before the sports meeting begin , we have the opening ceremony .
On the last day before the sports day begin , we have the closing ceremony .
Before the sports day begin , we have the opening ceremony .
On the first day before the sports day begin , the school have the opening ceremony .
The benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
The advantage of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
The benefit of being from being connected internationally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
The benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted nearly instantly to viewers .
The benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost immediately to viewers .
Generally , the benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , mode of transport is determined accordingly .
Depending on the distance and duration to the final place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , mode of communication is chosen accordingly .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , means of transport is chosen accordingly .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , mode of transport can be chosen accordingly .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
Clearly , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
Obviously , nobody wants to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I believe everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
Obviously , no one would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
I think that the traditional roles were a wonderful thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
I believe that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's views .
I think that the traditional methods were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
The traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
Next time I would like to do something great and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should do it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have wonderful experience .
Tomorrow I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
Next time I will do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling like many private company
nowadays we have numerous option fro travelling like many private company
nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling like many company
nowadays people have many option fro travelling like many private company
nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling abroad like many private company
nowadays people seem to have numerous option fro travelling like many private company
Anything in life can be misused .
Anything in life can be abused .
Nothing in life can be misused .
Anything in your life can be misused .
Anything in life may be misused .
Actually , anything in life can be misused .
With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
With the intention to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the class , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time appropriately and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its advantages , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services to a global bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
I handle advice and sales of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial goods and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
I deal with consulting and sales of products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
I try to deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
It 's just recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " found " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or started to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to consider rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
Actually , it 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great way to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great method to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different kinds of activities , both popular and the newest .
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the interesting .
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to integrate the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
However , some people believe you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
However , some people think you must go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish senior high school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
However , many people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in your classroom .
But , if you want I look for a job from you .
However , if you want I look for a job from you .
But , if you want I find a job from you .
But , if you need I look for a job from you .
But , if you really want I look for a job from you .
But , if you want I look for a job from you this weekend.
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport stations .
With the rapid progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
With the increasing progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
With the widespread progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to damaged to build more constructure and transport networks .
It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
It 's true that we should be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do what they can to provoke us .
It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to infuriate us .
It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke others .
It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us in a short period of time.
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
Education is a milestone in our life and having a great education is the main door to the labor market .
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the job market .
Education is a milestone in our life and accepting a good education is the main door to the labor market .
Education is a milestone in our life and having a high-level education is the main door to the labor market .
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the working market .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people must have their houses built of resistant materials .
In areas exposed to frequent cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as wild fire , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
In places exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant bricks .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the place where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , therefore , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an house to live through their study years .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an place to live through their study years .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an fixed places to live through their study years .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
In order to enjoy trip to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel partner and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and like Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and appreciate Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy American food instead to critic about spicy savor .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte usually use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte never use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use the second person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte seldom use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the short story .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
When my mom cooks , I always help her .
If my father cooks , I always help her .
If my mom works , I always help her .
If my mom cooks , I always do something to help her .
If my mom cooks , I always help her all the time.
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who go out together in only one transport .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one kind of transport .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one type of transport .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel far away in only one transport .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport in the whole procese.
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak French fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English very fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak Japanese fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
My mother tongue is Chinese , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Spanish as well .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious person and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to get a bachelor 's degree .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a master 's degree .
Academically , I 've always been a pretty determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree in the future .
She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the gloomy sky .
She slowly open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
She open her beautiful eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the bright sky .
She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black face .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best method to bring back a smile on people 's face .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a happy smile on people 's face .
Dog 's optimism is by far the most useful way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
Dog 's optimism is by far the most efficient way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face immediately.
it is hard for people to see eye to eye .
it is difficult for people to see eye to eye .
it is hard for friends to see eye to eye .
it is hard for family members to see eye to eye .
it is not easy for people to see eye to eye .
it is hard for people to see eye to eye with each other.
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
School is my life : I study about eight hours a day , especially maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , paticularly maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
School is my life : I study around seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
School is my life : I study about seven hours every day , especially maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially Chinese and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
Other person is Angel , he do n't play in all place .
Other person is Angel , he do n't sleep in all place .
Other people is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
Other boy is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place as he likes.
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
During the next decades it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably well—known arcaded coutyard .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most meaningful remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally built in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
During the next years it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
And this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
And this undesirable time may be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
And this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less busier schedule .
But this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
And this undesirable time might be not so short during fetsivals , due to less frequent schedule .
And this undesirable time might be not so short during the spare time , due to less frequent schedule .
The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
The boy said " Who d'ye with ? "
The girl said " Who d'ye with ? "
The woman said " Who d'ye with ? "
The thief thought " Who d'ye with ? "
The thief said " Who d'ye with ? " surprisingly
When people know that they were deceived , that they trust were broken , heads will roll .
Once people know that they were deceived , that they trust were broken , heads will roll .
When young people know that they were deceived , that they trust were broken , heads will roll .
When innocent people know that they were deceived , that they trust were broken , heads will roll .
When people know that they were betrayed , that they trust were broken , heads will roll .
When people know that they were cheated , that they trust were broken , heads will roll .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
Additionally , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her memory .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her adulthood .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her school life .
In addition , she has blithe memory in her primary school .
Most people today realize that in our cities and in our planet there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Many people today realize that in our cities and in our planet there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Most people today believe that in our cities and in our planet there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Most people today realize that in our living places and in our planet there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Most people today realize that in our world and in our planet there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Most people today realize that in our cities and in our planet there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution in the village.
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
Anna will be able to finally end an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
Anna will be able to finally close an essential chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she believed that it was going to be a very special day .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very good day .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her old life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
This again implies that these etnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
This again indicates that these etnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
This again implies that those etnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
This again implies that these etnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as just rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
This again implies that these etnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rebellious reactions to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
This again implies that these etnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as personal reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he reencounters the Baron later in his travels .
Ironically , even though Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he reencounters the Baron later in his travels .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many times of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he reencounters the Baron later in his travels .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an funny story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he reencounters the Baron later in his travels .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their trips ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he reencounters the Baron later in his travels .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no other thoughts until he reencounters the Baron later in his travels .
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
The way in which the sex can be chosen is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg must always be X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
The usual way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
The trusted way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
The common way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
Is there a future for Privately owned cars ?
Is there a future for Privately owned planes ?
Is there a future for Privately owned transportation tools ?
Is there a bright future for Privately owned cars ?
Is there a good future for Privately owned cars ?
Is there a future for Privately owned unmanned cars ?
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
This is stressed and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
This is underlined and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
This is emphasised and overstated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport accidentally dies .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a fierce competitor in the sport tragically dies .
My house which got number two temporarily .
My house which got number two at present .
My house which got number two forever .
My house which got number one temporarily .
My new house which got number two temporarily .
My house which got number two in this area .
There are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
There are all kinds of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
There are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , since most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
There are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the very serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
There are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be fascinating to watch .
There are all types of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and economy very highly developed .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are genius and economy very highly developed .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and economy very highly increased .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are busy and economy very highly developed .
Nowadays , in the fast-paced and progressive world where people are smart and economy very highly developed .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and economy very highly developed in each city .
Today topic is Technology .
Today topic is Games .
Yesterday topic is Technology .
Today concern is Technology .
Today point is Technology .
Today topic is Technology Development.
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not want to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their right for the sake of European unity .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European prosperity .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European development .
The situation is seen as a serious threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
This claim has devestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
This claim has devestated the British mutton industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
This claim has devestated the British beef market as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
This claim has devestated the British beef industry as people there are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
This claim has devestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they get the illness .
This claim has devestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract an infectious illness .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above address .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above time .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above place .
I can be chosen for a meeting in the above address .
I can be selected for a meeting in the above address .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the mentioned address .
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of summer .
I believe those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of summer .
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of weather .
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make me unable to forget about all the warmness of summer .
I think these activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of summer .
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of this reason .
On the other hand I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
On the other side I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
On the other hand I completed the first aid class , in the Red Cross .
On the other hand I finished the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
On the other hand I attended the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
On the other hand I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross quickly.
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their kids into ' zombies ' .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their beloved children into ' zombies ' .
Reflexes are developed ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games very often , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing online games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
I know that it is good to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small plane .
I know that it is nice to think a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people wandering around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around in the sky, each of them with its own private small helicopter .
The undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really danger is if you get discovered .
The undercovered work is very difficult , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really danger is if you get discovered .
The undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with strange people , the really danger is if you get discovered .
The undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really harmful thing is if you get discovered .
The undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really danger ous point is if you get discovered .
The undercovered work is very hard for everyone, not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really danger is if you get discovered .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
First , people in this place have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
First , people in this area have actually found a proper place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of interesting activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and efficiently and have been suitable for different ages .
First , people in this area have actually found a great place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
Some of them started design the performing stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and screen .
Some of them started design the performance , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
Some of the people started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and procedure .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
Some women were happy with old customs , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
Some girls were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
Some women were satisfied with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their daily lives .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their real lives .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
So if someone really cares about their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they really are man 's best friend .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are people 's best friend .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's close friend .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best companion .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and commercial .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more technological , fast and commercial .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and popular .
As the other sports , basketball is getting more modern , fast and commercial .
As the other sports , tennis is turning to be more modern , fast and commercial .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and commercial for common people.
If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
If they will communicate with each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid car accidents on the roads .
If they will contact each other and use digital map or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to forsee accidents on the roads .
If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid most accidents .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember when she arrived there .
She began to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She started to recover consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She started to take consciousness though she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She started to take awareness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were crazy followers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
He thought of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of pandas , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his harmful act .
He reminded of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
It was too much for him .
The suffering was too much for him .
The trip was too expensive for him .
It was too much for Jack .
It was too little for him .
It was too much for him to bear.
For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
For this reason , It is believed the most awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring and threatening weapon in the world .
For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous tool in the world .
For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous thing in the world .
For this reason , It is regarded as the most awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
Clean beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
Beautiful beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other places .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other beaches .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear rivers and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
In schools , Geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
In schools , Geography classes hardly , if ever , exist .
In colleges , Geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
In schools , History classes rarely , if ever , exist .
In schools , Geography lessons rarely , if ever , exist .
In schools , Geography classes rarely , if ever , exist on the schedule.
The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
The function of the Talaiots is not obvious yet .
The usage of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
The advantage of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
The function of the Talaiots is not known yet .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet for users .
Nowadays , deep and wide valley of the Nile became the most important transport line for Egypt .
Nowadays , deep and wide valley of the Nile became the most vital transport line for Egypt .
Nowadays , deep and wide valley of the Nile became the most essential transport line for Egypt .
Nowadays , shallow and wide valley of the Nile became the most important transport line for Egypt .
Nowadays , deep and wide valley of the Nile became the most important transport line for Japan .
Recently , deep and wide valley of the Nile became the most important transport line for Egypt .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are dealing with their works .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when grand parents are busy with their works .
I have 3 sisters in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
I have 3 aunts in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
I have 3 cousins in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
To my mind , they do not think celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as each of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
In my opinion , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
To my mind , people do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with less money in theirs bank accounts
Let 's reflect one again : is there a future for public transport ?
Let 's reflect one again : is there a bright future for public transport ?
Let 's reflect one again : is there a good future for public transport ?
Let 's reflect one again : do you believe there is a future for public transport ?
Let 's reconsider one again : is there a future for public transport ?
Let 's consider one again : is there a future for public transport ?
You can it the best burgers you have ever eaten .
You can it the most delicious burgers you have ever eaten .
You can it the best ham burgers you have ever eaten .
You can it the best burgers you have ever had .
You may it the best burgers you have ever eaten .
You can it the best bread you have ever eaten .
It quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousand of tourists , who come every year .
It very ancient , but still fascinating for thousand of tourists , who come every year .
It quite outdated , but still fascinating for thousand of tourists , who come every year .
It quite ancient , but still great for thousand of tourists , who come every year .
It quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousand of travelers , who come every year .
It quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousand of tourists , .
We also value that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
We still value that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
We also value that they have specialised training in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
We also value that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting administration .
We also value that they have specialised studies in hosting management .
I also value that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
Are you free for weckend , have you any plans .
Are you busy for weckend , have you any plans .
Do you give any discount for weckend , have you any plans .
Are you free for weckend , have you any ideas .
Are you free for weckend , have you time to call him .
Hi , are you free for weckend , have you any plans .
And doing operations by phone are actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
And doing operations by phone are actually very simple and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
And doing operations by phone are actually quite easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
And doing operations by phone are very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
And doing operations by phone are actually very easy and they always give you a good opportunity to improve your English .
Doing operations by phone are actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
It began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an essay about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the important function of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in satisfaction and happinness of people .
Everything began a few years before , when Alex , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
In Asia it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
In Europe it is very clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
In Europe it is quite obvious that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
In Europe it is quite clear that everyone would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
In Europe it is quite clear that many scholars would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
I expect a prompt response of the Company .
They expect a prompt response of the Company .
I expect a quick response of the Company .
I expect a prompt reply of the Company .
I also expect a prompt response of the Company .
And I expect a prompt response of the Company .
I play football in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I play basketball in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I play football in a Guinean club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I play football in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won many games this season .
I play football in a Portuguese club named valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I used to play football in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games .
However , during the rush hour , there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
Whereas , during the rush hour , there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
However , during peak hours , there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
However , during the rush hour , there are still have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
However , during the rush hour , there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness .
There are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
Through no fault of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
Through no fault of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to foster children .
Through no mistake of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
Through no fault of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be impossible to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
Through no fault of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only un fair in helping her to have children .
Through no fault of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to have her own children .
Overall , it is evident from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
In general , it is evident from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Overall , it is evident from the table that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Overall , it is evident from the graph that several sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Overall , it is evident from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained stable consumption over the 25 year span .
Generally , it is evident from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport media for environmental care .
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation tool is the best transport media for environmental care .
As far as I 'm concerned , electronic transportation is the best transport media for environmental care .
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the most beneficial transport media for environmental care .
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the most useful transport media for environmental care .
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport media for environmental care in the future .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center .
What I like most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it any time , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which indicates I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports stadium .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center which is far .
I think she did this for my own good .
I think she did this for her own good .
I think Jessica did this for my own good .
I believe she did this for my own good .
I think she did this for her own in the long-term period .
I think she made this decision for my own good .
But for me , this had been the start .
But for me , this had been the beginning .
But for him , this had been the start .
But for me , this had just been the start .
But for me , this had actually been the start .
But for me , this had been just a new beginning .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several reason to consider .
Travelling in their own car is much more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several reason to consider .
Travelling in their own car is way more expensive than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several reason to consider .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several facts to consider .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several benefits to consider .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several reason to take into consideration .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western worlds population .
The modern traffic jam is now a common situation to nearly all of the western worlds population .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western worlds people .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar problem to nearly all of the western worlds population .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar issue to nearly all of the western worlds population .
The modern traffic jam is now a usual situation to nearly all of the western worlds population .
I 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
I 'm your worker , to serve on your company .
I 'm your employee temporarily , to serve on your company .
I 'm your partner , to serve on your company .
I 'm your trusted employee , to serve on your company .
I 'm your employee , to serve on your company these months .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good scientist .
You have to be accurate , fast , and a really good actor .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really professional actor .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really impressive actor .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good police .
Notice any kind of failures .
Notice any type of failures .
Notice m any kind s of failures .
Notice each kind of failures .
Notice every kind of failures .
Notice any kind of failures during the process.
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
Science and technology have allowed me to go to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a good living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family members , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of disease , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of serious disease , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
After another few minutes of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her father crying and asking lots of questions .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking her father lots of questions .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking the stranger lots of questions .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions on the phone.
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
There are beautiful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
There are wonderful cities since there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of places to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can go to " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to travel for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
Third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
Third , swimming in the big lake is most dangerous .
Third , swimming in the ocean is most exciting .
Third , surfing in the ocean is most dangerous .
Third , swimming in the deep ocean is most dangerous .
Third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous than swimming in the pool .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and cheap .
The food is one of the best things in the hotel that is always tasty and fresh .
The duck is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always delicious and fresh .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh for travellers .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit confirming that great places still exists .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to end our visit confirming that great places still exists .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit confirming that nice places still exists .
After paying the bill , they gave us a shot of tequila to finish our visit confirming that great places still exists .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit making sure that great places still exists .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our traveling confirming that great places still exists .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political choices for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market the gulf between the UK and Europe is very dangerous .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market the gulf between the UK and Europe is very hard to pass .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market the gap between the UK and Europe is very wide .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make the right decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our children .
Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our kids .
Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be deep influence , especially , to our offspring .
Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be lasting influence , especially , to our offspring .
Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our development .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then continues to kill his sweethearts brother .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts sister .
Although this would seem to be great it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts boyfriend .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts father .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not happy with it .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not interested in it .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with the matter .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with the result .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not pleased with the matter .
3- it exercise all muscles of your body
3- it exercise all muscles of his body
3- This sports exercise all muscles of your body
3- it exercise all muscles of your body in a few minutes
3- it exercise all muscles of your body efficiently
3- it exercise all muscles of your body efficiently in a short period of time
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
I recommend you to practise any kind of you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
People recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and appreciate every second you spend exercising .
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every minute you spend exercising .
I advise you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
The competition is about write stories .
The game is about write stories .
The competition is about write letters .
The competition is about write their own stories .
The competition is about write strange .
The competition is about write romantic stories .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
It felt so good when I saw that my father had n't forgotten me .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten my dog .
It felt so great when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
It felt so good when I saw that my friend had n't forgotten me .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten my best friend .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
You have classes since you were ten years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your spare times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is beneficial for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without attending the classes .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your body and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
The idea I feel that has most greatly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
The thought I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's condition in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's living condition in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the local environment .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' needs .
By doing so , I would be able not only to distinguish the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' needs .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my ability but also to identify customers ' needs .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' requirements .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify people ' needs .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' real needs .
The name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .
The name of place was Chorrituelo .
The real name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .
The name of beautiful was Chorrituelo .
The name of waterfall was always Chorrituelo .
The name of waterfall was Chorrituelo, which was known by native people.
First of all they are very dirty by nature .
First of all they are very dangerous by nature .
First of all these things are very dirty by nature .
First of all they are very harmful by nature .
First of all you should know they are very dirty by nature .
First of all they are very bad by nature .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in France .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have other branches in Britain .
Unluckily , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
To one’s surprise , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in the other parts of the world .
More reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
More reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following parts .
More reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following texts .
More problems and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
More reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraphs of the passage .
More reasons and detail will be described in the following paragraphs .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in sunny days .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in hot days .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in hot weather .
A bright sun is shining , the ice melted away in March .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away quickly in March .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am 39 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a young girl , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
Jack is 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am 40 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
He does not use complicated words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
He does not use complex phrases when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
He does not use complex words when he communicates , but he uses them when he narrates .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he writes .
He does not use complex sentences when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
It is easyier than you think .
It is easyier than you anticipate .
Cooking is easyier than you think .
Climbing mountains is easyier than you think .
Running is easyier than you think .
It is easyier than you imagine .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
Firstly , riding a bicycle reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
Firstly , taking public transportation tools reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
Firstly , walking to school reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
Firstly , it decreases traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions from cars.
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defence to any central body .
As fully demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defence to any central body .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both beneficial and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defence to any central body .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be unwilling to hand over all control to defence to any central body .
As amply shown by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defence to any central body .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be unhappy to hand over all control to defence to any central body .
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends greatly on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also depend on teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it relys entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy groupwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is a personal sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class relay race .
On the next day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class relay race .
On the second day , my friends called me to take part the Inter - class relay race .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class relay competition .
On the second day , my partners called me to take part the Inter - class relay race .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class relay match .
From this analysis , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
From this analysis , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very crucial .
From this analysis , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is quite important .
From this investigation , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
From this analysis , it isobvious that using public transport is very important .
isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
For the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
For the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a high score in my Surgery finals .
For the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high grade in my Surgery finals .
For the hard work and strict discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
For the hard work and perfect discipline , I could get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
For the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score.
We have solar panels and a place to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
We have solar panels and a location to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
We have solar panels and a place to generate compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost at the last garden , with worms who consume and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and break down all the organic waste of the school .
We havea place to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
Each person have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
Everyone have to plant a n oak in front of their home with the rule of province government .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their house with the rule of province government .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province foundation .
Everyone have to plant a tree with the rule of province government .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
As a person who enjoys food , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
As someone who loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the important things to decide where should I go .
As a person who loves to eat , I take environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
My life is challenging because I have to realize everything .
My life is difficult because I have to learn everything .
My life is too difficult because I have to realize everything .
My life is difficult because I need to realize everything .
My life is easy because I don 't have to realize everything .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
These bizarre and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
These twisted and original thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
These twisted and creative ideas are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he portrays the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
These twisted thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
However the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Whereas the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
However the French press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
However the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
However the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering just a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
However the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a few people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
In my opinion , this assertion is not correct .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not right .
In my view , this affirmation is not correct .
In my opinion , this affirmation is incorrect .
This affirmation is not correct .
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain vibrates vigorously inside his skull .
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain moves ferociously inside his skull .
Every time a wrestler gets punched in the head his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
Every time a boxer receives a blow to the head his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
If a boxer gets punched in the head his brain will move vigorously inside his skull .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe were to happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
A friend of mine recently explained that if the undead apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for quite a long time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that crisis .
A foe of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
What an unfoggetable day !
What an unfoggetable moment !
How unfoggetable the is day !
What an unfoggetable day it is !
How unfoggetable a it is day !
How unfoggetable our wedding anniversary is !
Among the most important I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
Among the most crucial I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
Among the most important I have to pick San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
Among the most important I can undeniably mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
Among the most important I can mention San Froilán .
Among the most important festivals I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
Whether the citizens are happier or not , I can not say --
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not tell --
Whether the people are optimistic or not , I can not say --
Whether the people are happier or not , I have to refrain from ing it out say --
Whether the people are happier or not , I dare not say --
All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
All this initiatives has made us all over a couple of years a recognised ecological community .
All this common grounds has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised harmonious community .
All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community in our state .
All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological and sustainable community .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
Because it is far from simple to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
Because it is difficult to hunt a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you come from another country and haven't finished college .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and failed to obtain a diploma college .
Because it is difficult to land a plum job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
The ingenious system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
The whole system has now resulted in a spiraling circle of road use .
The whole system in the metropolis has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle .
The whole transport system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
A wide range of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
A variety of new drugs constantly appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
A variety of new drugs became ubiquitous on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about conventional medicine .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the public perception of taking medicine .
This loss need not however be negative .
This loss need not however be positive .
This loss need not nevertheless be negative .
This failure need not however be negative .
This temporary loss need not however be negative .
This fiasco need not however be negative .
Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
To tell you the truth , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
Believe it or not , Athens is indisputably one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most appealing cities in the world .
Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities across the the globe .
Believe it or not , Paris is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .
It was a nice day because I spent a great time with my family .
It was a nice day since I spent a good time with my family .
It was a nice day because I spent a nice time with my family .
It was a wonderful day because I spent a good time with my family .
It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my cousins .
In our country one decade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
In our land one decade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
In our country ten years ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
In our country many years ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
In our country one decade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new programs flourished .
In our country one decade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels boomed .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Usually there are generation issues , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can understand each other from another point of view .
Usually there are generation differences , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and ideas , everyone can have another point of view .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening thoughts and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north ern part of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fifth day of Puerquitour .
Mar Azul Resturant , in the area of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth month of Puerquitour .
I love the food here and I think my classmates too .
I enjoy the food here and I think my classmates too .
I love the tasty food here and I think my classmates too .
I love the food here and I think my friends too .
I love the food here and I think my partners too .
I love the desert here and I think my classmates too .
Mother had always told me he had died in the war .
Mother had always told us he had died in the war .
Mother had always told me he had died in the accident .
Mother had always told me he had died in the war many yeas ago .
Mother had always told me he had died in a car accident .
Mother had seldom told me he had died in the war .
If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember what happened after that ?
If she was n't clear , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that event ?
If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember any details after that ?
If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything that happened after that ?
I think that smile is the best gift in this world .
I think that smile is the best prize in this world .
I think that hug is the best gift in this world .
I think that big smile is the best gift in this world .
I think that sweet smile is the best gift in this world .
I think that smile is the most valuable gift in this world .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
When it comes to my favorite sport , basketball will always be my answer .
When it comes to my favorite sport , golf will always be my answer .
When it comes to my favorite sport , volleyball will always be my answer .
When it comes to my favorite sport , swimming will always be my answer .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will cartainly be my answer .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
It’s known that Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
It’s obvious that Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
However, Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
But Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe on the map .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
And the writer does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
And the author does not manage to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
And the author does not try to portray the protagonist with words , but with actions .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with written words , but with actions .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with real actions .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
A recognition of such impacts on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
A recognition of such influences on the picture of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first action in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that they are seen for who they truly are .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are in others' eyes.
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
At least , I feel sad for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
At least , I feel pity for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his life has a good ending .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good turning .
At last , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
Second is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less .
Second is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is fewer .
Second factor is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less .
Second element is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less .
Second is safety , compared to many other the chances of accident is less .
Second is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less than others .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the world and city .
In addition , these people need to have private transport for travelling around the country and city .
In addition , these people need to have public transport ation tools for travelling around the country and city .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling all over the country and city .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city quickly .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine various views , where the action takes place .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine a lot of views , where the action takes place .
You can think about how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , in which the action takes place .
You can imagine how heroes feel Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with a lot more technology and very energy efficient systems .
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and many energy efficient systems .
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy efficient working systems .
Obviously , the future also displays a home with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very power efficient systems .
On the other hand I enjoy every second of it .
On the other side I enjoy every second of it .
On the other hand I enjoy every minute of it .
On the other hand I like every second of it .
On the other hand I appreciate every second of it .
On the other hand I enjoy every second of the journey .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
These activities are the most interesting and the most expensive too .
These activities are the most attractive and the most expensive too .
These group activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
These indoor activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
These activities are the most popular and also the most expensive too .
These days I started studyng English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
These days I started studyng English in particular since it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
These days I started studyng English in particular because it is the most widespread language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
These days I started studyng English in particular because it is the most important language used in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
These days I started studyng English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to interact with other people from other countries .
These days I started studyng English in particular because it is the most useful language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
I was glad to hear from you .
I was happy to hear from you .
I was glad to hear from you yesterday .
I was excited to hear from you .
I was glad to hear from in such a short time .
I was glad to get a call from you .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
The sovereignty of the nation has really deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very unimaginable .
The sovereignty of each nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
The sovereignty of the ir nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very nice .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human being is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is required to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can do , and they are often among the simplest .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are usually among the simplest .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can complete , and they are often among the simplest .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
Mel was crying all day and all night and Tom could n't stand it .
Mel couldn’t stop crying crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't handle with it .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't deal with it .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it any longer .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
Maybe I 'll change his mind , maybe not .
Maybe I 'll change her mind , maybe not .
Maybe I 'll change my idea , maybe not .
Maybe I 'll change my mind tomorrow , maybe not .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not forever .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not willing to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal issues that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to hide their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal matter that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal secret that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per month .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated rapid climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per day to the highest consumption 250 per person per day .
Chicken consumption was the major source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated steady climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the situation , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scared scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the messed mind and the sound of heartbeats .
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered thought and the sound of heartbeats .
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats in a low voice .
The T.V. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
The T.V. has become the center of many families ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
The T.V. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that all members are together is when they are watching television .
The T.V. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone gathers together is when they are watching television .
The T.V. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that all people are together is when they are watching television .
The T.V. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television after dinner.
Actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am living in other town so i stay away from my family .
Actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family members .
Actually i like pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Actually i enjoy pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
To be honest i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
The suburbs of Lentini could be great .
The places of Lentini could be wonderful .
The suburbs of Lentini might be wonderful .
The suburbs of Lentini could be enjoyable .
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful to travel.
The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't swim in it , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
The water was too cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
The sea water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
The water in the pool was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't stand its temperature , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money saved for it .
From my point of view I think the benefits overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money saved for it .
From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages particularly if you have some money saved for it .
From my point of view I believe the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money saved for it .
From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some extra money saved for it .
From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money saved for it these days.
Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is short of finance .
Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is the lack of money .
Another important reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is the lack of finance .
Another major reason why I am being determined to study in Czech Republic is the lack of finance .
Another reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of financial support .
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" And you know what this is ? "
" And you want to know what wittles is ? "
" And they know what wittles is ? "
" But you know what wittles is ? "
" And you know what it is ? "
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
He started out his career as a professional accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with handling numbers all day long .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with data all day long .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with statistics all day long .
He started out his career as a qualified accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
Even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it might tomorrow repeal all those laws .
Even though today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
Even if today it made laws to that would gather it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
Even if today it made laws to that would unite it completely with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
Even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those political laws .
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
I find it more difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
I find it quite difficult to find an area of development given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement considering Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's perfect overall performance .
I find it quite challenging to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
But the Duomo is not the most important .
But the Duomo is not the most essential .
However, the Duomo is not the most important .
But the Duomo is not the least important .
But the Duomo is not the most important person to them .
But the Duomo is not the most important for them.
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is greatly supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the place I live in .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this thought is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely accepted in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed areas , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it improve their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to mental health and so on .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is interesting , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
Children should play a lot of games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
Young people should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
It was a big mess .
It was a big mess for them .
The room was a big mess .
The place was a big mess .
My room was a big mess .
It was a big mess in the room .
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped that day .
The NG Office is notified by the cameraman when the film was shipped .
The NG Office is reported by the photographer when the film was shipped .
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the movie was shipped .
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped to another place
Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth in our world .
Ideally then , there should be more equality , less inequality , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity power and greater economic growth .
Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic improvement .
Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and quicker economic growth .
Mostly Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
Mostly Facebook users anticipate their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
Mostly Facebook users expect their friend to react or pay attention on what they are doing .
Mostly Twitter users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
Mostly Facebook users hope their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
Mostly Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing by uploading photos .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
This can lead adolescents to know that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an essential part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are important factors of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the race .
This can lead teenagers to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural place .
This area is part of a protected area , a natural park .
This park is part of a protected area , a natural park .
This zone is part of a protected area , a good park .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural spot .
Ever since I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Ever since I do everything in its on time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Ever since I do everything in its due time in order not to be much stressed and get low scores .
Ever since I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low grades .
Ever since I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores in the test .
Ever since I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low points .
Most cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
Many cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
Most cases actually are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
In fact, most cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
Most examples are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
Most typical examples are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
They 've got original ones , like spicy pizza , and traditional .
They 've got original ones , like sweet biscuits , and traditional .
They 've got original ones , like delicious pizza , and traditional .
They 've got original ones , like sweet dumplings , and traditional .
They 've got original kinds , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
In spite all these benefits it brings to us , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personal space is very important for me .
In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is the most important for me .
In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in etude house where the personality is very important for me .
In spite all these words I mentioned before , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
Corruption and voracity of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders , which all breed enmity .
Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to count on people leaders .
Corruption and greed of power-holder making it difficult to trust people leaders .
Corruption and greed of government administrators in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
For example , you can travel to new places .
For example , you can travel to new places by plane .
For example , you can travel to new places anytime you want .
For example , with the help of these technologies , you can travel to new places .
For instance , you can travel to new places .
For example , you can go to any places you want and buy anything you like .
In most cases they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
In most instances they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
Upon most occasions they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
In most cases they are just finishing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
In most cases they are just doing their job as well as they can , enjoying their boring life .
In most cases they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their long and dreary life .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
I decidedly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
I firmly believe that the occurrence of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of territorial sovereignty for Britain .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will bring on a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
I firmly believe that the advent of the Treaty on European Union will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time every day .
On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of energy every day .
On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time there every day .
On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time to improve my skills every day .
On our school playground or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time every day .
On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time having fun every day .
The interior is big , so all the class could stay inside without problems .
The surface of architectural space is big , so all the class could stay inside without problems .
The interior is capacious , so all the class could stay inside without problems .
The interior is big , so all the class could stay inside without crowded situations .
The interior is big , so all the class could stay inside at the same time without problems .
The interior is broad , so all the class could stay inside without problems .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interplayed we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their life , and receiving responses .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses from each other .
That is to say , news feeds of human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
That is to say , human actions on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
In my perspective public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
In my opinion public transit wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the lack in demand .
In my opinion new technologies wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand , which may lead to a rationing mechanism .
The main disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
The main disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service and the bus service are normally possessed by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
The main disadvantage with the public transit is as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
The main disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is out of the question that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
The main disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train in one minute .
The main disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train , which is much inconvenient .
On the other hand , will this Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
On the flip side , will this Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
On the other hand , will this Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Germany ?
On the other hand , will this Single Europe indicate a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
On the other hand , will this Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty ?
On the other hand , will this Single Europe mean a threat to the territorial integrity of Britain ?
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
Up to now he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
Recently he has visited Paris and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having small talk I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postgraduate position abroad .
Recently he has paid a state visit to Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
Personally winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
From my perspective winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
Personally winning a victory such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
Personally winning such a medal makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
Personally winning such a set makes me feel as if I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
Personally winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me striving for more .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
From my point of view , I get accustomed to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
From my point of view , I get used to roaming around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
From my point of view , I get used to walking in my neighborhood and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I embark on a journey around the country .
From my point of view , I get used to strolling around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
The other day , I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a dinner with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the staff recruitment at weekends in your cafe .
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a sumptuous meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
For instance , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your colleagues could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the expedition , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
As an example , if you manage to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
Also , the slow rhythm is sufficient .
Also , the slow rhythm is anything but adequate .
Also , the melodious song rhythm is adequate .
Moreover , the slow rhythm is adequate .
Also , the slow rhythm is inadequate .
This rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
This rarely fragments of mundane life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
This rarely fragments of life without an eye of surveillance s camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
This rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous citizen .
This rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be a chance to live like normal , not famous people .
This rarely elements of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical African child .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American teenager .
Bart is ten years old and is an adorable American child .
My nephew is ten years old and is a typical American child .
Bart is a ten-year-old American child .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
Michael and Kate was so euphoric , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never be achieved and that super hero do n't exist .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super villain , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was far-fetched and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
Michael was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
But she is ignored me .
Nonetheless she is ignored me .
But the interviewer is ignored me .
But she is ignored my kid .
But she is ignored me in the classroom .
But she totally is ignored me .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Moreover , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
However , his power could be analyzing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with large amounts of vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
However , his essay could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
However , his omnipotent power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
How much violence is there ?
How many disputes are there ?
Why is there so much violence ?
How many domestic violence incidents are there ?
How much fun is there at the carnival ?
How much brutal violence is there ?
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
The National Association of Broadcasters charged the Senate with " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an jaw-dropping federal censorship bureaucracy " .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to secure an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship aristocracy " .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " piling on a succession of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that televison program .
It costs less dollars and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that televison program .
It costs less money and you can pick exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that televison program .
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where to enjoy and with who watching this or that televison program .
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that televison series .
It costs a little money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that televison program .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Frustration is the major factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Frustration is the underlying factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Depression is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these comedies .
Frustration is the main factor inferred from these tragedies .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
Piles of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
A lot of magazines comment The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is one of the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely approve of that idea .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series i and I absolutely agree .
The same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their healht .
The same about my grandparents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their healht .
The same about my parents ; they are old and occasionally they call me for talk about their healht .
The same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for share their healht condition with me .
It is the same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their healht .
The same about my parents ; they are no longer young and sometimes they call me for talk about their healht .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All I was commanded to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All I was asked to do in the rest of my life was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to answer phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists from every corner of the globe .
All I was asked to do in the rest of my life was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
For the flip side , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
For the other hand , I could teach German to the children in the summer camps .
For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children .
For the other hand , I could impart knowledge to the children in the summer camps .
For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps rather than in a cram school .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to school , but was rejected .
Richard Bronson promised to devote all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to old people , but was rejected .
Richard Bronson made a promise to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his earnings to charity , but was rejected .
Something that they don know was that the whole thing was a movie !
Something that they don know was that the whole thing was a film !
Something that they don know was that the whole thing was imagined !
One thing that they don know was that the whole thing was a movie !
Something that they don realize was that the whole thing was a movie !
Something that they don know was that the whole thing was false !
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to deal with this situation .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to do with this situation .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this problem .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this issue .
If problems was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
But if you see your world and know it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their goals .
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their reams .
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from people to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their final goals .
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't realize it .
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't know it .
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of students do n't notice it .
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of young people do n't notice it .
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it at the beginning.
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about what they are preparing to concert .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how hard they are preparing to concert .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how long they are preparing to concert .
In the good concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to perfect concert .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
In addition , I would like to give you some advice I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into consideration for the next course it will take place next year .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next lesson it will take place next year .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place in the future .
Consider as well how many days do you have for vacations .
Consider as well how many times do you have for vacations .
Consider as well how many days do you have for summer vacation .
Consider as well how many days do you have for winter vacation .
Consider as well how many days do you have for holidays .
Consider as well how many days do you have for making preparation .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I am loooking forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from my best friend .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as can .
I look forward to hearing from you every day .
I look forward to hearing from you lately.
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite high .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite low .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is pretty good .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good for them .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good for me .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique and peaceful place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of scenic spots to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without sightseers , noise and crowded beaches .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches , where you can enjoy yourself .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , that is free from tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
The first day started in an important date … Taco Day !
The first day started in a tremendously important date … Taco Day !
The first day started in an important date … Crazy Thursday !
Notice ! The first day started in an important date … Taco Day !
The first day we have started in an important date … Taco Day !
The first day started in an important date and I love it… Taco Day !
To remedy this the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
To remedy this situation the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
Being eager to remedy this the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
To remedy this the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed responses .
To remedy this the government has decided to add a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
To remedy this the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses to relieve the traffic pressure , with mixed reception .
My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
My work experience is very excellent due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " , the largest underground copper mine in the world , as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as logistics manager , Chief of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
My occupational history is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
Compared with my competitors , my work experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
First , I would like to lay my finger on the outstanding classmates there were in class .
To be honest , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
First , I would like to stand out the eminent classmates there were in class .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in my college class .
First , I would like to stand out the exceptional classmates there were in class .
Why to see that abaser thing ?
Why to see that ignominious thing ?
Why you ask me see that abaser thing ?
Why to see that abaser scum ?
Why to see that abaser thing ? I don't want !
Why bother looking at that inferior thing ?
My family think that my cook is amazing .
My family think that my cook is amazing and they all like it .
My friends think that my cook is amazing .
My family think that my cook is amazing , in particular the pizza .
My family think that my cook is hard to imitate .
My family holds the belief that my cook is amazing .
You think that your life style will improve ?
You deem that your life style will improve ?
You think that your life style will enhance ?
You think that your life style will improve ? Really
You think that your life style will improve by this ?
You anticipate that your life style will improve ?
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .
The new style of business suits and ties fit s in well with the formal occasion .
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal situations .
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion , , such as in the workplace .
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the business or in any social formal occasion .
Business attire, including suits and ties, fit in well with the formal occasion .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
The narrator did not use any glittering description of the protagonist apart from his name .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name and dressing .
The author did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
The narrator did not use any description of the dramatis personae apart from his name .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist other than his name .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , leading to a tense spirit .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to their surroundings , contributing to a tense spirit .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to environment , resulting in a tense spirit .
The drivers need to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to the surrounding environment, resulting in a tense spirit .
The waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistant for centuries .
The waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistant for years .
The waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistant for hundreds of years .
The waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistant for ecades .
The deep waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistant for centuries .
The waters of the culunary seas have been cold and consistant for centuries .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this ideology .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to punish this philosophy .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy today .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this horrible philosophy .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this policy .
In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
In vacations , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
In holidays , people have a chance to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
In holidays , people have time to reconsider their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to terrible life .
In holidays , people have enough time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their former experience .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own working experience .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own life experience .
First of all , we could learn lots of useful skills from parents according to their own experience .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from family members according to their own experience .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a small ivory tower .
I think that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
I suppose that will never change in the future , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
I believe that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
I suppose that will seldom change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
It was really importatnt for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
It was pretty importatnt for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
It was really importatnt for him since he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
It was really importatnt for him because he was working for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
It was really importatnt for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was very young and he haven't got any achievements .
It was really importatnt for him as he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
A mother who works , can come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
A mother who works , can come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the home .
A mother who works , can come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the housework .
A mother who works during the day , can come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
A mother who works , can come home can whip up something in a few minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
A mother who works during the day, can come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
That is very good idea , because that robbish undergo a recycling .
That is very great idea , because that robbish undergo a recycling .
That is very good opinion , because that robbish undergo a recycling .
It is very good idea , because that robbish undergo a recycling .
That is very good idea , since that robbish undergo a recycling .
That is very good idea , because that robbish undergo a recycling in the end.
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
The hotel is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
The shopping mall is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
The bank is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so people can get there by bus or by train .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train as we like.
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the reuse of waste need .
Finally , the city has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
Finally , the town has also improved the management system and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the careful cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
Finally , the town has also improved the management measure and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
In addition to , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
In addition to , some people think English is superior than other languages .
In addition to , some people think English is superior than Japanese .
In addition to , some western people think English is superior than Chinese .
In addition to , some foreign people think English is superior than Chinese .
In addition to , some people think English is superior than many other foreign languages .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very harmful .
Despite being exciting to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , this kind of sport is very dangerous .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing actually is very dangerous .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very expensive .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs very often then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can finish his career with brain damage .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his boxing career with brain damage .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer might end his career with brain damage .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with damage in his brain .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and meat market .
It has therefore had an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , harmful effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious impact on the agricultural industry and beef market .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market in Britain .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I really need .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone interesting , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new , from another entire different country to make me think about what I want .
It is really interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone strange , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook for my family .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook delicious meals .
Besides I have good cooking skills and I love to cook .
Besides I have cooking abilities and I love to cook .
Besides I have excellant cooking skills and I love to cook .
For example many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politisions that always lay .
For instance many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politisions that always lay .
For example many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politisions that often lay .
For example most people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politisions that always lay .
For example many people like the royal family or they are friendly people not like the politisions that always lay .
For example the majority of people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politisions that always lay .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
That is why they are often able to leak information about their private life .
That is why they are often able to sell valuable information about their private life .
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private issue .
That is why they are lways able to sell information about their private life .
That is why they are often able to sell information about others' private life .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off to raise the baby .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off to explore interests .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off from school .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off between finishing school and going to university .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off during the semester.
His parents and the school principal often punish him .
His mother and the school principal often punish him .
His parents and the school teacher often punish him .
His parents and the school principal often criticise him .
His father and the school principal often punish him .
His parents and the school principal often punish him without giving any reason.
Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
Millions of Chinese people can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
Thousands of of Americans can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
Millions of young people can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
Millions of teenagers can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons online.
And this is true .
But this is true .
And this is wrong .
And this is fine .
And this is absolutely true .
And this is true for everyone .
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my report in the attachment .
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my certificate in the attachment .
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my ID card in the attachment .
P.S. There are my CV and copies of my paper in the attachment .
P.S. There are my CV and several copies of my paper in the attachment .
They have been present in our societies since ever .
They have been present in our classes since ever .
They have been present in our meetings since ever .
They have been present in our rooms since ever .
Those people have been present in our societies since ever .
They have been present in our colleges since ever .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not paint the walls but they do not hear us .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the room walls but they do not hear us .
Unfortunately when we say to people to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
Unfortunately when they say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not do anything .
At last of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
At last of the term , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
At last of the emester , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
At last of the day , our headteacher announced the mark the four houses have got .
At last of the day , our school announced the mark the four families have got .
At last of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses have got in the competition .
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to beat the old man , and he did it .
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kick the old man , and he did it .
In the first time , when the madman heard the quick heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
In the first time , when the madman heard the slow heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , but he didn't .
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very glad that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on vacation and we can plan something together .
It has been a really long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan a trip together .
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can go camping together .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
The decoration is fashionable and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British furnitures .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional French objects .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got many great traditional British objects .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great modern British objects .
Of course garbage is sorted into different bins .
Of course garbage is categorized into different bins .
Of course garbage is sorted into different kinds .
Of course waste is sorted into different bins .
Of course garbage is sorted into various bins .
Of course garbage is sorted into corresponding bins .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
It helps us to develop our personal relationships better .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships clearer .
It helps us to understand our private relationships better .
It helps us to understand our friend relationships better .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships in a better way .
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
It must be known that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small area compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member counries , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is a place - which none of the others are .
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an isolated island - which none of the others are .
When you find one spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
When you find one spend time with them , share opinions , ideas and go out with them .
When you find one spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them every day .
When you find one spend free time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
When you find one spend a good time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
When you find one spend time with them , share different views , ideas and go out with them .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a liver transplant " .
She convinced the woman at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
She convinced the lady at the organization to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
She convinced the worker at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
She convinced the lady at the local agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
I 'm motivated , flexible and openminded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 'm motivated , flexible and openminded person and I had rich experience in this field as well .
I 'm motivated , flexible and openminded person and I had a lot of useful experience in this field as well .
I 'm motivated , flexible and openminded person and I had a lot of helpful experience in this field as well .
I 'm motivated , gentle and openminded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 'm positive , flexible and openminded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
The soccer is not a dangerous sport but sometimes it becomes .
The soccer is not a gentle sport and sometimes it becomes .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it turns to be .
The soccer is a popular sport but sometimes it becomes .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes unconsciously.
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
She was more than happy and he could n't deal with this news .
She was more than happy and he could n't face this news .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this reality .
She was more than excited and he could n't handle this news .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news in a proper way .
Without further ado , I remain yours .
Without further development , I remain yours .
Without further progress , I remain yours .
Without further changes , I remain yours .
Without further movement , I remain yours .
Without further outcome , I remain yours .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
However , I contend that the mistake does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
However , I argue that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the ctivity , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those participating in the movement .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the change .
He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
He began to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
He started to think how he could get better our life quality and he found a solution .
He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a dramatic solution .
Several weeks ago , he started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
He started to think how he could get better our lives and eventually he found a solution .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes over .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the potential threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes over .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will fade away as a feeling of identity takes over .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a sense of identity takes over .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity supersedes .
If a feeling of European unity can be established and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes over .
This usually leads to multiple births ie .
This usually leads to pregnancy with more than one child ie .
This action usually leads to multiple births ie .
This usually brings on multiple births ie .
That woman told me this usually leads to multiple births ie .
This usually results in multiple births ie .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
Let me sum up my main points , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my daddy .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband , and we can share anything with each other .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , not least , David , my husband .
To sum up , my closest friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a shock tactic to win the match .
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the tournament .
Together we analyze the opponent team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
Together we infer the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
Together we analyze the rival team and we devise a strategy to win the match .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases , and for the human race to survive .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it neatly ordered , safe , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , anchor-hold , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not put our various diseases on the line .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , we can prevent various diseases from becoming a concern .
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
I am interested to improve my language ability , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the intercultural course .
I am wrapped up to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further study in the English course .
I am interested to improve my oral English , so I am writing to request further information about the English curriculum .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new continent , South America , and has to leave his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , which is far away from his country , and has to leave his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his beloved Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cunégonde with the stadholder of the province .
This is no more true than when he gets to the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
We got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
We got close to the pharmacy there was no outsiders here so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
We got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and windows and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
We got close to the pharmaceutical room there was no walkers inside so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
We got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed to take a break and went to sleep immediately .
We approached the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who really need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it , such as the pregnant women .
Courtesy seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
Priority seats , usually at the end of subway cars , , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
Priority seats , are especially preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
Eventually , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
Finally , I reckon the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to convey the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the suspicious mind of the madman is his intonation .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his raspy tone .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
I also want to give an introduction of my friends to you , we can have fun together .
I also want to introduce my colleagues to you , we can have fun together .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can indulge in pleasures fun together .
I also want to introduce my roommates' friends to you , we can have fun together .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together on campus.
From my experience working at the International company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
From my experience working at the International company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be immensely useful to you .
From my experience working at the International company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you and r colleagues .
From my experience working at the International corporation that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
From my experience working at the International company that organises grand events , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
From my experience working at the International company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great importance to you .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
Seldom does such an invention revolutionize a science like this .
Never before has such an ingenious device revolutionized a science like this .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized the scientific community like this .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like artificial intelligence .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
I have encountered several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
I have faced a couple of situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
I have faced several situations always work with peace of mind and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a dynamic .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I fancy working in a multicultural and dynamic .
Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
My grandpa loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
Winnie takes delight in eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
Winnie loves palatable food very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily find much food and beverages at her home .
Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily savour much food at her home .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
They failed to encourage all of us every day .
They managed to discourage all of us every day .
They managed to encourage all of us .
They managed to motivate all of us every day .
They managed to encourage all the students every day .
No future for public transport ?
Is there no future for public transport ?
No certain future for public transport ?
No future for public transport or private transport ?
No future for public telephone ?
No future for private transport ?
And thirdly they might work for earning own money or travel .
And above all they might work for earning own money or travel .
And thirdly they are likely to work for earning own money or travel .
And thirdly they might work for earning own money .
And thirdly they might take part-time jobs for earning own money or travel .
And thirdly they might take a part-time job for earning own money or travel .
hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be one of my favorite s .
hockey is a sport I have played for decades and it turned out to be my favorite .
hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it was undeniably my favorite .
hockey is a sport I have played with my friends for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite recreational activity .
Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the blame .
Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the criticise .
Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's sellers that they have most of the blame .
Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's buyers that they have most of the blame .
Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the punish .
Nevertheness it is never perfect , because dog 's owners that they have most of the blame .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape bad thing .
It is unreasonable to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
It is illogical to believe that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , people can escape harm .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can avoid harm .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
On the other side , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to have a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are very far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is much easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
On the other hand , the changing spaces are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
A lot of people are excited , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
A lot of people are happy , ince they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
A lot of workers are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
A lot of people are satisfied , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) a whole night .
Well , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Well , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more information on the way to work .
Well , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to company .
Well , then you do n't need to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Well , then you do n't have to think about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Well , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space a lot and you can read more books on the way to work .
For the youth of today computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
For the youth of today computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and numbers .
For the young generation of today computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
For the young people of today computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
For the young people of today computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
For the youth of today computers offer correct links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
First , if you are going to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
First , if you are planning to travel to another place , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely helpful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and interesting .
First , if you are planning to travel to another city , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armoury .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were saved , and armoury .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were protected , and armoury .
Another attraction of the trip is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armoury .
Another attraction of the tour is traveling to the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armoury .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored properly , and armoury .
Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our working place to find a job .
Also in recent decades to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
Also in recent time to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
Also in recent years to express your thought in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a suitable job .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
However , this is damaging the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend days sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
However , this is killing the imagination of students and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
However , this is killing the imagination of lung people and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend a lot of time sitting at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
The passion for the cause is the key to survive .
The passion for the cause is the crucial factor to survive .
The lifelong passison for the cause is the key to survive .
The passion for the undertaking is the key to survive .
The passion for the cause is the key to survive .
The interest for the cause is the key to survive .
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
Well , the mission I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
Well , the task I have chosen is concerning the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
Well , the task I have selected is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
Well , the task I have chosen is about the village where I have been staying for last ten years .
There you can practise different sports .
There you can practise various sports .
There you can practise different activities .
There you are capable to practise different sports .
There you can practise different sports as you wish .
There you can practise different sports you like .
An example of one is MacDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
An example of one is MacDonalds where they have instantly brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
An example of one is MacDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notification stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
An example of one is MacDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice claiming that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
An example of one is MacDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and comprise no offal .
A typical example of one is MacDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
In my particular situation , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they authorized for a relaxing day at the festival .
In my case , the solely opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
In my case , the only opportunity I obtained for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the party .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where will we meet exactly .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to inform you where will we meet exactly .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you the exact place will we meet exactly .
If you choose this way , I 'll phone you in the morning to tell you where will we meet exactly .
Suppose you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where will we meet exactly .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where will we meet exactly the next day.
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
The target of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst features of your centre after one year running .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year operating .
The aim of this report is to adumbrate the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
The real purpose of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
I think I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
I suppose I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
I think I am very fortunate then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
I think I am extremely lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
I think I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural manner , without books and tough lessons .
I think I am the lucky one then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to condemn for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe predicted by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This comment is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against impoverishment .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics because of its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
I haven't written you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
I haven't written you for long but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
I haven't written you for ages but I was quite busy because of the exams at the University .
I haven't written you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
I haven't written you for ages but I was very busy because of the continuous exams at the University .
I haven't written you for a long time but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
In my opinion big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
In my opinion famous stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
In my opinion big stars should be allowed to relax and take some private time .
In my opinion big stars should be able to have a fun and take some private time .
In my opinion big stars should be able to relax and take some private room .
In my opinion big stars should be comfortable to relax and take some private time .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Michael opened the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Michael closed the window and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a huge mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a wrong decision .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake which could not be made up .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the word .
With several trips to many places I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the word .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already rich experience in travelling around the word .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling all over the word .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the country .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling without companions .
God would have created us all the same if this was not true .
God would have created us all the same if it was not true .
God would have created us all the same if this was not real .
God would have created people all the same if this was not true .
God would have created human beings all the same if this was not true .
God would have created us all the same if this was not the fact .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
Now though people are more illing to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their houses , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave the water running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural materials .
Now though people tend to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to popular music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional songs , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and eat a nice meal in one place .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to appreciate traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to differnt types of music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
So these are the advice that I give to them .
So these are the suggestion that I give to them .
So these are the advice that I offer to them .
So these are the advice that I give to hose people .
So these are the gift that I give to them .
So these are the advice that I give to them after careful consideration .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently discovered .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently reshaped .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently found .
Moreover , you will go between two good obelisks which have been recently restored .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient towers which have been recently restored .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
When we were in the class room , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the seat .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the blackboard .
When we were in the room , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael ran towards the door without warning.
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other kids .
In addition , these children make less socialization with other children .
In addition , these young people receive less socialization with other children .
Additionally , these children receive less socialization with other children .
In addition , these children receive less attention from other workers .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
But you have to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
But you need to make money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
But you need to earn money if you want to go to foreign countries , so you can first work and then travel .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first make money and then travel .
But you need to earn enough money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
Even if I am not a very interested in exercising , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really want to practice is swimming .
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is running .
Even if I am not a very interested in having classes , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is palying badminton .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
One thing makes sure that I already completed all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite game .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my home work before I play my favorite sport .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite computer game .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I watch my favorite computer game competition .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my day on the slopes .
Every day as soon as I opened my eyes I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
Every day as soon as I got up I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my breakfast on the slopes .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my happy morning on the slopes .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
But we have to be confident and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something special and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our everyday life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very harmful as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
But we have to be responsible and have totally clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
It means that they have different taste of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
It means that they have various taste of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
It means that they have numerous taste of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
It means that they have many taste of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
It indicates that they have different taste of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
It shows that they have different taste of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public idea .
However , message which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response because a public opinion .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response since a public opinion .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily mistaken , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
Though travelling by train is more convenient but it is expensive .
Though travelling by plane is more convenient but it is expensive .
Although travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
Though travelling by car is much more convenient but it is expensive .
Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive for most people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
However , they are not always happy or taken into the society .
However , people are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the world .
However , they are not always relaxed or taken into the society .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society they like.
The problem is however the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
The issue is however the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
The problem is however the signs are not displayed for a long time , this being a viral disease .
The problem is however the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral illness .
The problem is however the signals are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
The problem is however the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a dangerous disease .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
All these examples ( and more ) give us an insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never be able to know .
All these instances ( and more ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
All these examples ( and more ) give people some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight to other traditions we would otherwise never know .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
The V - chip is electrical equipment that blocks out violent television shows .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out harmful television shows .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television programs .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out unsuitable television shows .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows or movies .
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were found and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive behavior .
Some of the radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , hence defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their impolite action .
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
In this life we have many things that make us excited and make our lives go on .
In this life we have many good things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
In this field we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
In this life we have many things that make us energetiic and make our lives go on .
In this life we have many things that make us surprised and make our lives go on .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very careful with every customer .
The tools are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
The machines are fantastic and the worker is very helpful with every customer .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every participant .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer at the store .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the result of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and know about the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the similar actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and accept the consequences for themselves .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the results of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
It is hard to explain that feeling .
It is not easy to explain that feeling .
It is difficult to explain that event .
It is difficult to explain that kind of feeling .
It is difficult to explain that feeling properly .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all planed and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all planed and know for shore that they have the ability to do something useful with their time .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all planed and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something meaningful with their time .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all planed and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their effort .
In conclusion , people should take a month off , but only when they have all planed and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all planed in a good way and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever been to .
I have learned a lot about my own country just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever travelled to .
I have learned a lot about my own place just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited in my past life.
Why using the first narration ?
Why not using the first narration ?
Why using the second narration ?
Why using the third narration ?
Why don’t we using the first narration ?
Why using the first narration in your writing?
They are singing funny and building their nests .
They are calling funny and building their nests .
They are singing cheerfully and building their nests .
They are singing funny , flashing brilliant colors amidst the endless shades of green , and building their nests .
They are chirping funny and building their nests .
They are singing funny and building their nests happily.
The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
The young people want to navigate the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise in the past
The young people want to discover the cradle of true art and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
The young people want to discover because y want to and be curious about the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
The young people want to discover the different world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
If you are living in cosmopolitan town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one point should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is fairly good ecological environment .
If you are living in bustling metropolis or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is atmosphere .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
Commuting to work , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
Commuting , travelling using public services such as bus and rail will be the first prior choice .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice for the people .
In this day and age , commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice for me.
She fell sleep again , didn't she ?
In spite of noises without , she fell sleep again , didn't she ?
She drowsed again , didn't she ?
She fell sleep again , didn't she ? I don't want to wake her.
She fell sleep as the dawn appeared , didn't she ?
She fell asleep quickly , didn't she ?
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most emblematic as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal condition to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the kitchen , housekeeping and tending the children .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and taking years of to raise the children .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the wife in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons in their future life .
Modern animations can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Television can teach kids the ways to perceive the world and life lessons .
Television can teach kids precious values and life lessons .
Television can teach kids important values and valuable lessons .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share their views about it .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you talk to them but they should share their views about it .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share their views or standpoints about it .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share their views about what you are talking about .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should listen and share their views about it .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share various views about it .
It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
It 's burdensome answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do or to be in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
It 's difficult for everyone answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to recognize it is in two minds .
It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two different minds .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already try my best .
Although it is not a satisfactory result , I 've already try my best .
Nonetheless , it is not a great result , I 've already try my best .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already try my best and I had no remorse .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already try my best to finish it .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already try my best in such a short time .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
Television is an important component of modern culture .
Television is an important part of modern civilization .
Television is a significant part of modern culture .
Television is undoubtedly an important part of modern culture .
Television plays a significant role in modern culture .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
Max and his friends were walk ing under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max asked aloud .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max said loudly .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."What 's that ? " , Max exclaimed .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they espied what appeared to be a supine creature."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
In my opinion there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
To my mind there should be a board between the work of paparazzi and a privacy of famous people .
To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of celebrities .
To my mind there ought to be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
To my mind there ought to exist a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
As you can imagine this has had a tremendous inffluence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
Just as you can imagine this has had a tremendous inffluence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
As your imagination this has had a tremendous inffluence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
As you can imagine this has had a dramatic inffluence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
As you can imagine this has had a tremendous inffluence on sales in fast food and other places restaurants where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
As you can imagine this has had a tremendous inffluence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers reign supreme on the menu .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
I can fore see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
I can see a future of some form of European rapid reaction force .
I can see a future for a certain form of European rapid reaction force .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid response force .
I envision a promising future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He had no choice but to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He had to stay with her for ... the baby .
He had to be together with her because of ... the baby .
He had to stay with her because of ... the newborn .
He had to stay with her because of ... the presence of their offspring .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of you .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of you away .
If I have sustenance , I will definitely go there and bring all of you .
If I have sustenance , I will go there to bring all of you .
If I have sustenance , I will go there because I want to bring all of you .
If I have sustenance , I will go to your city and bring all of you .
On the other hand , are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
In addition , are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
On the other hand , are more advantages , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
On the other hand , are more benefits , for instance , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
On the other hand , are more benefits , for example , if you want to have a journey in another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
On the other hand , are more benefits than other ways , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
Briefly speaking , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
In short , I have no idea about what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before the emergence of radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we regard and do things .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we perceive the world and do things .
It would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
It would be fantastic if you came with me , is it possible ?
It would be terrific in case you came with me , is it possible ?
It would be terrific if you came along with me , is it possible ?
I think it would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
It would be much more terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way .
On the other hand , many youngsters who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way .
On the other hand , many teens who take a gap year end up to spend it in the wrong way .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the inaccurate way .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way and missing the opportunity .
On the other hand , many adolescents who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning to subscribe to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to watch Tysons " next Live Lights " .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , a week ago beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights Show " .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , who recently began a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
The job would give me a rare opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained from my school life and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge and insight .
The occupation would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
The job would give me the opportunity to utilize all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This " miracle - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the advent of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - forming antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a lab , which have made this kind of genetic rescue possible .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured in a laboratory in an "in vitro" manner .
The drawback is the danger .
The drawback of this technology is the danger .
The drawback is the inconveniency .
The drawback is that public services, such as litter collection, are less available than they are closer to the city .
The drawback outweighs the advantage .
The downside is the danger .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
The particular scenario in Spain can be assessed as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
The situation in Spain can be appraised as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
The situation in Spain can be assessed as " legal limbo " in light of our constitutional right to free
The situation in Spain can be assessed as " legal vacuum " in terms of our constitutional right to free
Given our constitutional right to free, the situation in Spain can be assessed as " legal vacuum ".
I am 25 years old .
I was 25 years old at that time .
I am 25 years old and still study in university .
I am 25 years old , , and this website has already erased my privacy .
To tell the truth , I am 25 years old .
I am 25 years old , but I have no relevant work experience .
The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a course of discovery rather than creation , ie .
The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of searching for answers rather than creation , ie .
The other radical flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
The other fundamental imperfection is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
The other fundamental flaw is the assumption that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
Speed trains are always faster then cars .
Speed trains are always faster then cars , which have drastically shortened journey times .
Speed tramcars are always faster then cars .
Speed trains are always faster then buses .
Speed trains are always more convenient then cars .
Speed trains are always faster and safer then cars .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
I am very conditioned to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
I am very used to talking with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
I am very used to dealing with young people at the time last year I worked at a scout camp .
I am very used to dealing with elderly people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I had experience working at a scout camp .
However it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
However it is quite clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
However it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were regarded as purely economic entities in the first place .
However it is clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
However it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the second place .
However it is equally straightforward that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for take care of her sister .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her mother .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her father .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister after she goes to school .
In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Company .
In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to meet the requirements of your Company .
In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the need of your Company .
In first place , my knowledge and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Company .
In first place , my qualities and professional skills tend to suit the requirements of your Company .
In first place , my education experience , qualities , and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Company .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
Friendship is something very essential in my life .
Friendship is something very important in people’s life .
Money is something very important in my life .
Hobby is something very important in my life .
Friendship is something very important in my life . And I value it like my life .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
In the class , students will review the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
In the class , students will recall the appy time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the lesson .
In the class , students will recall the excited time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had outside the classroom instead paying attention on the teacher .
This is just from the elite few , and there s more from those below them .
This is just a few from the elite , and there s more from those below them .
This is just from the elite few , and there s much more from those below them .
That is just from the elite few , and there s more from those below them .
This is only from the elite few , and there s more from those below them .
This is just from the intellectual elite few , and there s more from those below them .
In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
In the moment they visit the Secondary modern school .
In the moment you visit the Secondary modern school .
In the time I visit the Secondary modern school .
In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school in my hometown .
In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school and have my new life .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills quickly .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a n opportunity to improve my skills rapidly .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to develop my skills rapidly .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills in a short time .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my ability rapidly .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to us .
Throughout my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 this has became a life style to me .
Through all my chidhood I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .
Throughout my entire I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style other than a hobby to me .
Due to the climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Because of the climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Due to the climate change , the weather is so terrible that people could even have a water shortage .
Due to the climate change , the weather is so horrible that people could even have a water shortage .
Due to the climate change , the place is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
Due to the human activity and climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
At the beginn I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing .
At the beginn I went to the childgarden and they asked me skiing .
At the beginn I went to the childgarden and the children taught me skiing .
At the beginn I went to the childgarden and they carefully taught me skiing .
At the beginn yesterday afternoon I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing .
At the beginn I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing on ice .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
In fact , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food in campus , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I reckon that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert cake .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert banana cake .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
More than eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
Over eighty products can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
Over eighty points can be created all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes this morning , if not even more .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty seconds , if not even more .
However it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
Nevertheless it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
However it 's not as simple as it sounds .
However it 's not always as difficult as it sounds .
However for this question, it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
However it 's not always as easy as it sounds .
Candide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candides marriage to Cunegonde .
Candide kills the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candides marriage to Cunegonde .
Candide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , right after the Baron forbids Candides marriage to Cunegonde .
Candide stabbed the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbad Candides marriage to Cunegonde .
Candide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest in England , after the Baron forbids Candides marriage to Cunegonde .
Candide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candides marriage to Cunegonde without negotiation .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna realized that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her future .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very memorable day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very happy day for her .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
Please do not hesitate to contact me on the Internet if you should require further information .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you want to require further information .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information about our products .
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you should require further information .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require more information .
since its introduction there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
since its introduction there has been an increasing number of controversy over the national lottery .
since its introduction there has been more dispute over the national lottery .
since its introduction there has been more controversy over the lottery .
since its introduction on the Internet there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
since its introduction there has been more controversy over the national lottery in most places.
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
It is by the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
It is through the experiences of the great persons that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the diversified cultures in the United States .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn the different cultures in the United States .
It is through the valuable experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
Later , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
Afterwards , the cat was better and it walked away slowly .
Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly on the snowfield .
Afterwards , the animal was recovered and it walked away slowly .
Afterwards , the animal was cute and it walked away slowly .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the lesson , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my suggestion is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be focused on what he or she is doing .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to attend the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to become nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .
I am tired of working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .
He is interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .
I am interested in joining in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .
She is interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .
I enjoyed working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They start to study English at an early age .
They begin to study a second language at an early age .
They begin to study French at an early age .
Those students begin to study English at an early age .
They should have begun studying English at an early age .
How was your day today ?
How was your condition today ?
How was your day yesterday ?
How was your day last Friday ?
How was your day with Tom ?
How was your visit to the Forbidden City today ?
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I get to know how many people succeeded in building it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize so many people succeeded in building it .
It 's our benefit and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in establishing it .
It 's This is our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
She started to walk to organize her mind .
She started to walk to clear her thought .
She began to walk to clear her mind .
He started to walk to clear her mind .
She is accustomed to walking to clear her mind .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
You have to be very hungry to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good choice or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing partner as I did .
You have to be empty to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
You must be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite food .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite game .
Good evening everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
Good morning everybody , today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sport with you .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are good to spend time with .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend spare time with .
Always nice , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
Always patient , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time merrily with .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and trips , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be a memorable tour .
Everyone will find nothing interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for sure it will be a memorable experience .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be an unforgettable experience .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
Nevertheless , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
However , for this reason , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high probability of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely attacked on someone .
However , because of this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
The new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
For them, the new Single Europe may be too new and unknown to make their allegiance to it .
The new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to be loyal to .
The new Single Europe may be so new and unknown for them that they can't make their allegiance to it .
The totally new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
The new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their claims to it .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
Therefore, Europe will be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
Europe will therefore be a union to be reckoned with as regards competition .
Europe will therefore be a nation which can not be ignored as regards competition .
Europe will therefore be a force to be reckoned with as regards competition .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards match .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
We know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a gentle , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
And we know that Joe is a good man because he is described by the protagonist as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , which is all we know about them .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all important details we know about them .
For example , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .
For instance , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .
For example , things might gone not as they had expected for various reasons such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .
For example , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enoff money or not finding a job .
For example , things might gone not as they had expected owing to multiple reasons such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .
For example , things might gone not as they had anticipated for multiple reasons such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend now our lives would be different .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even realize now our lives would be different .
I don ' t think any people of my era can even comprehend now our lives would be different .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even understand now our lives would be different .
In my opinion, our generation can not even comprehend now our lives would be different .
I don ' t think any people of my time can even comprehend now our lives would be different .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
Her sister is at the age of six and you should look after every weekend .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should take care of every weekend .
Her younger sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after on weekends .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every summer holiday .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , establishing and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships post - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
I follow the relationship with customers from obtainment to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
I strictly follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer need
Summing up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring into the limelight their life .
In short , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring into the limelight their life .
Summing up , all over the world , are living celebrities who do n't bring into the limelight their life .
Summing up , all over the world , are so many living famous people who do n't bring into the limelight their life .
Summing up , are living famous people around the world who do n't bring into the limelight their life .
Summing up , all over the world , are living popular people who do n't bring into the limelight their life .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is interaction and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family responsibilities .
A mother or a father can be a friend of the child if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
A mother or a father can make friends with their children if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is enough communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties.
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has improved people 's lives .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has altered people 's lives .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most valuable and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more usual offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
As a modality of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
For instance , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
For example , you can travel around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is finished .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 since it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only complete Roman Wall in the world .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott beef products .
The implications for the mutton industry could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott beef products .
The implications for the meat industry could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott beef products .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody to avoid beef products .
The implications for the beef industry could be much serious , where everybody to boycott beef products .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody to ban beef products .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these selected chapters .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be found in these chapters .
Too much mystery and just a few opinions can be read in these chapters .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in those chapters .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these texts .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a wrong decision .
Michael closed the window and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael opened the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and realized at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a huge mistake .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have better television than a few years ago ?
Do we have a better television than a few centuries ago ?
Do we have better life than a few decades ago ?
Do we have better transportation tools than a few decades ago ?
Do we have better television programmes than a few decades ago ?
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the protection of its sites .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its historic sites .
A country may also receive financial help and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
A country may also receive financial assistance and professional advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
A country may also receive financial support and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The most terrible part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The saddest element of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The saddest part of this story is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The saddest part of this event is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The worst part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms changed further .
Herds where this illness was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Herds where this disease was revealed were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Herds where this sign was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further into the next level .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
For example , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
For instance , we take plane in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic jam .
For instance , most people take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic on the way to office .
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
States and local authorities will have to deal with the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
States and local authorities will have to do with the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
States and local authorities will have to tackle the issue and provide the public with a better alternative . T
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better choice . T
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better solution . T
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had the world seen things with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had the world seen something with such a n bility to kill .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to walk .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to escape .
Never before had the world seen something with such courage to kill .
In 1993 , Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
In 1993 , Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this sport .
In 1993 , Indian cricket group won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
In 1993 , Indian cricket team got his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
In 1993 , Indian cricket team won his first world cup and it 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
In 1993 , Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to learn this game .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other figures , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the important things we should know through the text .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the book .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the news .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other female characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the picture of women .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of the female .
Feminism does not only have to be related to work and money , but also with the image of women .
Feminism does not only have to be linked with work and money , but also with the image of women .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and treatment , but also with the image of women .
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Her father could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she took it .
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she got it .
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she did it .
Her mum could n't deny to her face to face , so she bought it .
The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the door opened with the wind .
The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the huge wind .
The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then woke up when the window opened with the wind .
The point is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the strong wind .
Geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while re designing houses of the future .
Geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the next generation .
Geographic and natural landscape around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Geographic and natural environment around the building area , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Geographic and air around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
" I was much surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
" I was pretty surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for days .
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for years .
" I was quite shocked , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for days .
Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be prohibited ?
Although throughout the years laws have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
Though throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
Although throughout the months rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
Although throughout the years regulations have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new thoughts and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and progress in the department .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the area .
He got promoted very quickly because he often brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
He got promoted quicker than others did because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pub .
Because we like the food , we celebrated the festival eating in Memelas Pub .
Because we like the food , we celebrated the day eating in Memelas Pub .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating a big meal in Memelas Pub .
Because we like the delicious food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pub .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating delicious food in Memelas Pub .
If you decide to became famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
If you decide to be famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
If you decide to became famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be foolish to complain about tiring paparazzi .
If you decide to became famous because of your scandalising private issues , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
If you decide to became popular because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
If you decide to became famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about disgusting paparazzi .
A dark sky without stars .
A dark sky without sun .
A rainy sky without stars .
A gloomy sky without stars .
A dark sky without shining stars .
A dark sky without bright stars .
So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own dish .
So , if people were informed of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
So , if they were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
So , if people were aware of this event would n't use so much their own car .
So , if people were conscious of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
I can not say how they are because you have to taste them .
I can not tell how they are because you have to taste them .
I can not say how they are since you have to taste them .
I can not say how they are because you need to taste them .
I can not say how they are because you have to taste them first .
I can not say how they are because you have to taste them by yourself .
My area is very clean and very green .
My area is very tidy and very green .
My room is very clean and very green .
My place is very clean and very green .
My area is very clean and pretty green .
My desk is very clean and very green .
Tennis is an individual sport .
Tennis is an individual sport in most cases .
Tennis is an interesting sport .
Tennis is an energetic sport .
This is an individual sport .
Tennis is an individual sport for people.
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
In a word , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first option in all of three means of transportation .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first decision in all of three means of transportation .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of public transportation .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my top choice in all of three means of transportation .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
I think that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
I believe that I will have the chance to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to go through both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Africa .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Asia .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the horses lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the animals lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling there drunkenly .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , wandering around drunkenly .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' appeared to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not beleive that any fighter has entered a proffessional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not beleive that any fighter has entered a proffessional boxing career without knowing the dangers .
Though it may sound cruel , I do not beleive that any fighter has entered a proffessional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Although it might sound cruel , I do not beleive that any fighter has entered a proffessional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not beleive there is any fighter has entered a proffessional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not beleive that any fighter has entered a proffessional boxing career without knowing the potential risks .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier limits allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
Trade will be more accessible , with no frontier controls allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
Trade will be easier , with fewer frontier controls allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls allowing free flowing exchange of merchandise .
Trade will be much easier , with no frontier controls allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for a while .
Everything suggested that I wo n't go out of the house for quite a while .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the building for quite a while .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a long time .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for a second .
They just have to calm talk about it .
They only have to calm talk about it .
People just have to calm talk about it .
They just have to calm talk about the problem .
They just have to calm talk about the issue .
They just have to calm talk about it in a proper way .
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it reasonable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of people by vaccinating people against measles for example .
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much time on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it fair to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it acceptable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
If the services were integrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
If the services were integrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with the plane arrival times .
If the services were integrated there would be a time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
If the services were considerate there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
If the services were improved there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
If the services were integrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train departure times .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between places .
The North Sea will slowly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between provinces .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people travel between countries .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between their favorite countries .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
I walked through the ancient city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful buidings and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its attractive churches , including the cathedral .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its old churches , including the cathedral .
I walked through the fashionable city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to have a try .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a chance .
As I show an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
Since I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try next time .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
Does this all indicate that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
Does this all mean that the decades of public transportation come to an end ?
Does this all show that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
Does this all mean that the hundreds of of public transportation come to an end ?
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end in the future?
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on vacation in Sardegna near my hotel !
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hometown !
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my place !
But I changed my idea when I heard at the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna next to my hotel !
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bicycle , vote , or go to school with white people .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't take a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't get on a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to restaurant with white people .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people in the same space .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can decrease the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in air .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of air in atmosphere .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in place .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in suitable atmosphere .
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
This is my idea but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
This is my opinion but the decision is up to you , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a message telling me about it .
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about the detail .
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about how it going .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
For our city it is very harmful because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they know that thing .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they find that thing .
For our city it is very bad since when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
For our city it is very dangerous because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
In addition to it , we can also take a relaxing short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the seat and wake up fresh .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up happy .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up relaxed .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up with a fresh mind .
I do not know how do they make and cook them .
I do not know how do they make and cook the duck .
I do know how do they make and cook them .
I do not know how do those people make and cook them .
I do not know how do they make and cook the meal .
I do not know how do they make and cook them in such a good way.
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized place .
The square is covered with grass and is a pedestrianized area .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized place .
The square is covered with flowers and is a pedestrianized area .
The plaza is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
For not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
For not only does it have the ability to kill ,
For not only does they have the capacity to kill ,
For not only does it have the possibility to kill ,
For not only does it have a reason to kill ,
For not only does it have the chance to kill ,
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I consumingly recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a actual story which will leave no one indifferent .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one listless .
I heartily recommend this product to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I positively recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time and patience for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic congestions or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves and their beloved for breathing polluted air .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for the inhalation of polluted air .
People will know that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .
" My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
" My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , or more like my ' mother ' , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
" My elder sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
" My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great prestige with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
" My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the relatives because she had brought me up " by hand . "
" My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the friends because she had brought me up " by hand . "
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
If you want to travel from one metropolis to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different sceneries , your own car is the best solution .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is one of the best solution s .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution you can choose .
If you want to travel from one place to another to experience different festivals, your own car is the best solution .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life heartrending i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the seemly way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
I went to the abandon old house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas and thoughts to make him sufer .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ways to make him sufer .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
This brings on 2 issues , one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
This links 2 problems , one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing much nonbiodegradable materials and the other of reusing what we have .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have on hand .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products and the other of recycling what we have .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
If I do not hear that news from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my attorney .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be compelled to contact my solicitor .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor straightaway .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my headmaster .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
The ideas above are just a few of the social hot topics we are now concerned with .
The notions above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
The ideas I mentioned above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now talking with and very close to my heart .
The ideas above are just a few of the things we are now concerned with .
In my opinion : yes , there is !
In my opinion : yes , there is the truth !
From my standpoint : yes , there is !
In my opinion : of course , there is !
In my opinion : undeniably , there is !
In my opinion : yes , there surely is !
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
The government insists , perhaps correctly or not , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly health-friendly to eat .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat at every meal .
The government and the public health organizations insist , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly delicious to eat .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course stock cubes .
Meat products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course stock cubes .
Beef products are available in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course stock cubes .
Beef products are found in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course stock cubes .
Beef products are used in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course stock cubes .
Beef products are present in many provisions such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course stock cubes .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
If one has preconceived concepts concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will definitely be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be sad since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed because some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
If one has preconceived notions and high expectations concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the morning .
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with my mother in the afternoon .
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with my partner in the afternoon .
Yesterday , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home to relax myself with Adriana in the afternoon .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
Each room is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
Each place is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
Every building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of the company .
Each building is decorated with the blazon and logo of the corporation .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Fifty thousand dollars , to be precise .
Fifty thousand yuan , to be precise .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be accurate .
Fifty hundred pounds , to be precise .
It is fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with more freedom to travel .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to move .
There will be business risings and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective measures , along with greater freedom to travel .
There will be business booms , free entry and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Taking this into consideration and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively dangerous sport .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the other side , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Taking it into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about beating the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they have to .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they need to .
Now a lot of men work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they really want to .
Now a lot of women choose to work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
Sometimes , I play it near sports centre .
On weekends , I play it near sports centre .
On vacations , I play it near sports centre .
During holiday , I play it near sports centre .
When I have free time , I play it near sports centre .
Sometimes , I play it near sports centre or in the school playground .
I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of ativities , such as " rappel " , paintball ...
I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of ativities , for example, " rappel " , paintball ...
I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of ativities , which are " rappel " , paintball ...
I been in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
I worked in an Easter camp with my roommates and I have already prepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
People always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
Humans always desire to live a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
Human nowadays always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
Humans desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish their homes at the same time .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be immense .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of several times , will be enormous .
The advantages in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , rather than twelve times , will be enormous .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting as a result of doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
So far I have never been disappointed .
So far I have never been so disappointed .
So far I have never been pleasant .
So far I have been disappointed .
So far I have never been disappointed and depressed .
So far I have never been this unhappy .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are to old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
The menopause is the body 's way of informing you that you are to old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are to old and your body is no long capable of raising a baby .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are to old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby anymore .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are to old to look after a baby and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are to old and your body is no long capable of giving a birth .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your life experiences .
For another , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Third , through acquiring a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't merely learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it brodens your horizon .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
Therefore , I have no idea how the story will end .
Therefore , I do not know how the meeting will end .
However , I do not know how the story will end .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will last .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will develop next .
In conlcusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
In conlcusion we can say that from the view of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
In conlcusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working in foreign countries is a much better deal .
In conlcusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a better deal .
In conlcusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal in this new era .
In conlcusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better experience .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
Is it worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study another language ?
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study a foreign language ?
Is it really worth leaving your own country alone for a period of time to study English ?
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to practice English ?
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study a second language ?
but all these factors are not important for me .
but these factors are not important for me .
but all these reasons are not important for me .
but all these factors are not important for my parents .
but all these factors that we meet are not important for me .
but all these factors are not important for them .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
All the ingerdients in this restaurant were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
All the ingredients were fresh and of the highest quality .
All the seafood and drinks were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
All the ingredients are clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
All the ingredients were absolutely fresh and of the highest quality .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of prfesional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of prfesional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would offer .
The last step would be to hire a staff of prfesional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
The last step would be to recruit a worker of prfesional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of prfesional , knowledgeable and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
The last procedure would be to recruit a staff of prfesional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
I managed to succeeded in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I tried to succeeded in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I managed to succeeded in many games in the country and abroad .
I managed to succeeded in many matches in the country and abroad .
I managed to succeeded in many competitions in the place and abroad .
I managed to succeeded in the first prize in the country and abroad .
Thank you for your email .
Thank you for your letter .
Thank you for your gift .
Thank you for your information .
Thank you for your advice .
Thank you for your email with encouraging words .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
I feel it is essential for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
I feel it is vital for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adjust to these changes in demography .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in population .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European companions to adapt to these changes in demography .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
This has really scared people because they may have diseases and not even know it .
This has really scared people since they may have AIDS and not even know it .
This has really scared people because they might have AIDS and not even know it .
This has actually scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
This has really made people feel scared because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult problems . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am gifted when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very helpful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am serious , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am hardworking , trust-worthy and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
The Carbon dioxide emissions is very small .
The Carbon dioxide emissions is pretty small .
The Carbon dioxide emissions is very small in our city .
The Carbon dioxide emissions is very mall in our place .
The Carbon dioxide emissions is very small in that area .
The Carbon dioxide emissions is a very small portion .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
Happy to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
Glad to know that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to join in the last round of interview next month !
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next week !
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of competition next month !
The biggest threat is the explosion .
The biggest danger is the explosion .
The most harmful threat is the explosion .
The smallest threat is the explosion .
The biggest threat is the gas explosion .
The biggest potential threat is the explosion .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
It seems to be a sought - after chance .
It seems like a sought - after opportunity .
It looks like a sought - after chance .
It turns to be a sought - after chance .
It seems like a sought - after option .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
If the Federalists achieved their goals in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
If the Federalists achieved their dreams in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would try their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive functions will be known .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be shown .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of dangerous things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as mentioned above , it was extremely time consuming .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was really time consuming .
One could go by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of harmful things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to help .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to offer help .
Today , we do n't have to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to help .
Today , we do n't need to care about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to help .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to guide .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to offer timely help .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Facebook .
Finally , they are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
In the end , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
Finally , people are allowed to follow people who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they think enjoyable through Twitter .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In Country D , the wages of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about several times higher than those of nurses .
In Country D , the salaries of retired doctors are about three times higher than those of retired nurses .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of part-time nurses .
In Country D , the income of doctors are about three times higher than it of nurses .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my leader at the scout camp .
I attach a letter from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my manager at the scout camp .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my team leader at the scout camp .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my helper at the scout camp .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern day life .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had great effects on modern day life .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound impacts on modern day life .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound influences on modern day life .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had long-term effects on modern day life .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern lifestyles .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the nearest tens of years .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to decrease , at least during the nearest tens of years .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least in the nearest tens of years .
In a word , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the nearest tens of years .
In conclusion , public transportation is impossible to disappear , at least during the nearest tens of years .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to be prohibited , at least during the nearest tens of years .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
There you can get to the underground station and go to the centre of Prague .
There you can get to the bus station and travel to the centre of Prague .
There you can get to the train station and travel to the centre of Prague .
There you can go to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of the square .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
It was a rainy night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
It was a cold night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
It was a cloudy night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
It was a terrible night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
It was a snowy night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
What’s more , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is vital .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high er scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
Moreover , if I focus on getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
Moreover , if I target at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
For instance , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery test .
For example , one month ago , I had my final surgery exam .
For example , one year ago , he had my final surgery exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam with a high score .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and folklore .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows ancient Galician costumes and folklore .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician culture and folklore .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and story .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional costumes and folklore .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and stories .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Some of those people might be turned upside down .
Many of them might be turned upside down .
Some of them may be turned upside down .
Some of workers might be turned upside down .
Several of them might be turned upside down .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
It is difficult to compete with the Internet .
It is hard to compete with the robot .
It is hard to compete with the wireless robot .
It is not easy to compete with the Internet .
It is hard to compete with the speed of Internet .
Through the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
Through the years people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
Through the ecades people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
Through the centuries people have been researching the nature of the Nile .
Through the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the river .
Through the centuries people have been exploring the animals of the Nile .
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
The past few months have been really tough for Michael .
The past few weeks have been really difficult for Michael .
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael to go through .
The past few weeks have been really meaningful for Michael .
The past few weeks have been really uneasy for Michael .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
I think it is true that travelling by electronic car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
I think it is true that travelling by private car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
I believe it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
I think it is true that going to work by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no progress for public transport .
If I had such house , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my garden .
If I had such house , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my kitchen .
If I had such house , I would like to equip a swimming pool in my garden .
If I had such house , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my backyard .
If I had such villa , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my garden .
If I had such large house , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my garden .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I played soccer in different groups in my neighborhood , school or university .
I played soccer in different places in my neighborhood , school or university .
I played soccer in different roles in my neighborhood , school or university .
I played basketball in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or colleges .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable room to live .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to stay .
Giving those people a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
Giving us a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable atmosphere to live in .
I been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
I been many years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
I been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of friends who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
I been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who assist me to grow up in the sport and life .
I been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to improve in the sport and life .
I been twelve years practice volleyball and due to it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the most serious problems lie .
The use of the tools humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
The use of the means people have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
The use of the means humans have invented is wherein the greatest problems lie .
The use of the technological tools humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
On the other side , I realised there were two disadvantages .
On the other hand , I realised there were two benefits .
On the other hand , I realised there were two advantages .
On the other hand , I realised there were many disadvantages .
On the other hand , I finally realised there were two disadvantages .
It can travel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
It can travel thousand of meters in a couple of hours .
It can travel thousand of miles in a couple of days .
It can travel thousand of kilometers in a couple of hours .
The train can travel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
It can travel thousand of miles in several hours .
Old computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
Old computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a note book .
Old computers were used to take up one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
Old computers were used to occupy a whole room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
Old computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a case , even the size of a book .
Old computers were used to occupy one complete room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Our team work along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his research of arpin .
Their lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
The lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his further study of arpin .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
A typical day for a kid in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
A normal day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
A typical routine for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
A typical day for a student in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
A typical day for a child in today 's world , including going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
The best places for young people in Dublin
The best places for young students in Dublin
The most suitable places for young people in Dublin
The most charming places for young people in Dublin
The best places for young generations in Dublin
The best places for teenagers in Dublin
But there 's , at this day , prospects for a new World War ?
But there 's , at this day , prospects for a nother World War ?
And there 's , at this day , prospects for a new World War ?
But there 's , at this day , hopes for a new World War ?
But there 's , at this day , possibilities for a new World War ?
But there 's , at this day , the potentiality for a new World War ?
I have worked one year in London as waiter in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
I have already worked one year in London as waiter in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
I have worked one year in London as doctor in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
I have worked one year in London as waiter in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
This year I have worked one year in London as waiter in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
I have worked one year in London as waiter in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in German .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
Once wrestling is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in wrestling and hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as receivable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
When boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
Once boxing is prohibited and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
That student would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
That person would feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
The person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
That person would then be obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
That boy would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
In fact , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
Actually , we merely know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe attempts to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her son and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
As a matter of fact , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this reality and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
It is up to Japan therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
It is up to Britain to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example through leading the way as regards tolerancy .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an instance by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
Next to go will be , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
Next to go will be , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to water pollution .
Then to go will be , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
Next to go will be , the exploitation of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
Next to go will be , the extraction of the mineral will definitely leads to serious air pollution .
Next to go will be , the extraction of the precious mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
People usually associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories despite of individual differences .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or culture are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
People normally connected with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments established above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a feasible solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets would be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments built above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
Although genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and in this way an individual scientist could be held responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist should be held responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively a thing new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively novel , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is prepared for you !
So stop searching for the right person , this one is for you !
So stop looking for the right sport , this one is for you !
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for us !
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is right for you !
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
Dance is a passion , a type of living .
Singing is a passion , a type of life .
Dance is a power , a type of life .
Dance is a desire , a type of life .
Dance is a passion , a type of a happy life .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills wild animals and plants .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and trees .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and lowers .
Nuclear waste is not only dangerous to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants quickly .
In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian events , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , progress , and implementation .
In a world which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
In a place which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
In a planet which urgently needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
I want to play with children and see their simle all day .
I want to play with kids and see their simle all day .
I want to play with children and see their simle all year .
I want to play with children and see their simle all ay and all night .
I want to ommunicate with children and see their simle all day .
I want to spend my spare time with children and see their simle all day .
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
Within a few months , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
Within a few weeks , the excitement had lowed down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had changed their attention to more recent news .
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their focus to more recent news .
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more amazing news .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
This was definitely the most exciting day of my life .
This was certainly the most meaningful day of my life .
This was certainly the most exciting moment of my life .
This was certainly the most important day of my life .
This was certainly the most wonderful day of my life .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very useful in the future , especially in developed countries .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developing countries .
From my point of view , personal transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the coming years , especially in developed countries .
From my point of view , public transportation will assume a very important role in the future , especially in developed countries .
Of course I had some pain in my legs because all the time I was standing .
Of course I had some pain in my legs because all the time I was walking .
Of course I had some pain in my legs because all the time I was runnning .
Of course I had some pain in my feet because all the time I was standing .
Of course I had some pain in my left leg because all the time I was standing .
Of course I had some pain in my legs because all the time I was standing while working .
But we are heading in the right direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
But we are heading in the right direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have damaged !
But we are heading in the right direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed all the things we have destroyed !
But we are running in the right direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
But we are heading in the wrong direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
But we are heading in the opposite direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Technology is changing the way we live in many aspects and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we get and use information is probably the most affected .
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most influential .
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use that information is probably the most affected .
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is largely affected .
Young people are usually hard - working and active person .
Young students are usually hard - working and active person .
Young people are usually hard - working and energetic person .
Young people are usually hard - working and positive person .
Young teenagers are usually hard - working and active person .
Young people are usually full of energy and active person .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
It is true that moving by a personal car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
It is true that moving by a private car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
It is true that moving by car is more comfortable than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our surroundings .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our planet .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide turns to Pangloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an idea but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide looks to Pangloss for a solution but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
He looks to Pangloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide looks to Pangloss for a perfect solution but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
I think the most essential thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our friends is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of care .
I think the most important thing in communication with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel impatience for them but also a lot of love .
To fulfill this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
To achieve this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
To fulfill this goal a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
To fulfill this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential step .
To fulfill this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential requirement .
To fulfill this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential qualification .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I would like to travel to Foster 's Hollywood .
I would be willing to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I would prefer to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I would rather to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood four times a month .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
If you love singing , you 'll understand me .
If you love computer games , you 'll understand me .
If you love dance , you 'll know me .
If you love dance , you 'll understand the decision .
If you love dance , you 'll understand my choice .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because locals need a lot of electricity .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people there need a lot of electricity .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because making meals need s a lot of electricity .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because workers need a lot of electricity .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity to use.
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
Hence , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
Thus , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre followers watch Babel as its message will move you .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel because its message will move you .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will impress you .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Thanks for all your timely help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Thanks for all your caring and I look forward to hearing from you .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you quickly .
Thanks for all your generous help and I look forward to hearing from you .
In just the past three years our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
In just the past four years our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
In just the past three years our family of nations has seen the breaking up of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
In just the past three years our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and thousands of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
In just the past three years our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to suffering in many circumstances .
In just the past three years our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many places .
The foetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
The foetuses will have been abandoned for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
The foetuses will have been aborted for some reasons for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
The foetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital diseases .
The foetuses will have been aborted for several reasons for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
The foetuses will have been aborted for a suitable reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
You have to train five days a month and you need to concentrate a lot .
You have to train five days a month and you need to concentrate a lot .
You have to train five days a week and you have to concentrate a lot .
You have to train five days a week and you need to focus on it a lot .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate on it .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors there is no way to ensure future safety .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors there is no way to ensure future development .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors there is no way to ensure future progress .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) dangers there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors there is no way to ensure personal safety .
Subject : holidays are coming !
Subject : vacations are coming !
Subject : eekends are coming !
Subject : holidays are coming soon !
Subject : holidays are coming quickly !
Subject : summer holiday is coming !
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own problem ( or bad luck ) .
A rather hard opinion would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or high salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own destiny ( or bad luck ) .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own resonsibility ( or bad luck ) .
But when I finished before the time I was happy and relaxed .
But when I completed before the time I was happy and relaxed .
But when I finished the task before the time I was happy and relaxed .
But when I finished before the time I was excited and relaxed .
But when I completed the lesson before the time I was happy and relaxed .
But when I finished ahead of the time I was happy and relaxed .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
Everything is unknown , but we manage to pretend that we know a lot of things .
Everything is unknown , but we try to make efforts so that we know a lot of things .
All things are unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
Everything is uncertain , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
Everything is unknown , but we try to behave like that we know a lot of things .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
Sex turned into crime when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
Sex turned into violent behavior when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of the girl .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of the woman .
Sex was regarded as violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good method to learning a language as well .
It would be helpful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
It would be useful if I can live with other people , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a great way to learning a language as well .
It would be useful if I can live with other foreign students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
It is a ciclical process .
It is a ciclical procedure .
It is a ciclical process of dealing with the waste .
This is a ciclical process .
It is a ciclical measure .
It is a ciclical step .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
Still , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
Also , you 'll meet nice people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who often ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be close friends and change your telephone number .
Also , you 'll meet kind people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
The plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
The original plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
The plan was to lunch at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
The plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we had to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
The plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to have our dinner at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
The plan was to a big dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in related projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in various projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar issues , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are young and also have a high team work skill .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are professional engineers and also have a high team work skill .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their negative feelings are expressed .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their bad feelings are expressed .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their negative emotions are expressed .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their negative feelings are shown .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their negative thoughts are expressed .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their negative feelings are expressed properly .
My mother had written me after months !
My father had written me after months !
My sister had written me after months !
My friend had written me after months !
My boyfriend had written me after months !
My mother had written me after weeks !
Organized shares , where everyone clean up the village .
Organized shares , where a boy clean up the village .
Organized shares , where a girl clean up the village .
Organized shares , where everyone clean up the road .
Organized shares , where everyone clean up the room .
Organized shares , where everyone clean up the kitchen .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
Some would think that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to make money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an earlier retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
Some would believe that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
Some would agree that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Is travelling by car more expensive ?
Is travelling by car less convenient ?
Is travelling by plane more convenient ?
Is travelling by train more convenient ?
Is travelling by car easier ?
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I invite you to re consider the proposal .
I invite you to rethink the proposal .
I invite you to consider the advice .
I invite you to consider the suggestion .
I invite you to consider his proposal .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Women who would not be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Women who would not normally be able to have babies can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Women who could not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Women who would not normally be possible to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Women who would not successfully be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
On my vacation I went to New York .
On my holiday I went to New York .
On my summer vacation I went to New York .
On my winter vacation I went to New York .
On my vacation I travelled to New York .
On my vacation I went to New York by myself.
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these rules and followed them in his literature .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these laws and followed them in his literature .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these requirements and followed them in his literature .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his work .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations of writing and followed them in his literature .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches valuable life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches important life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and handling success and failure .
Secondly , playing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure in a proper way.
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for bettering itself .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but a valuable and natural part of the human condition for bettering itself .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for perfecting itself .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for improving itself .
A scientific report is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for bettering itself .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but a precious and natural part of the human condition for bettering itself .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life for americans moves at a much faster pace .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life for americans moves at a much faster speed .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life for americans develops at a much faster pace .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life for americans progresses at a much faster pace .
And today , since the invention and utilization of technologies such as computers life for americans moves at a much faster pace .
And today , since the invention and utilization of advanced technologies such as computers life for americans moves at a much faster pace .
One can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
One can see these ideas in popular programs everyday .
One can see these ideas in popular social media everyday .
One can see these ideas in popular newspaper everyday .
One can find these ideas in popular media everyday .
One can see these novel ideas in popular media everyday .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is a job with a lot of interesting information ,
It is a job with a lot of interesting things ,
It is a job with a lot of interesting ideas ,
It is a job with a lot of funny aspects ,
It is a job with a lot of interesting experiences ,
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few weeks during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my province , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared places .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was lazy , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will provide me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
And that is what they are there for , to make people work .
And that is what they are there for , to make people sad .
And that is what they are there for , to make others happy .
And that is what they are there doing , to make people happy .
And that is what they are there for , to make strangers happy .
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even command young adults or students offer their seat without manners !
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even command young adults or children offer their seat without manners !
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative behavior for granted and they would even command young adults or students offer their seat without manners !
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even ask young adults or students offer their seat without manners !
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even require young adults or students offer their seat without manners !
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even command young adults or pregnant women offer their seat without manners !
Even though being truthful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Even though being faithful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Even though being truthful is important in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Even though being truthful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be regarded as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Even though being truthful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is not accepted .
Even though being straightforward is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Who on Earth could that be ?
What on Earth could that be ?
Who on Earth could it be ?
Who on Earth could that person be ?
Who on Earth could that stranger be ?
Who on Earth could that be on the table ?
I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
I usually play volleyball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
I usually play basketball everyday around at least fifty minutes per day .
I often play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
I usually play soccer everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per week .
Britain , although small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Britain , though small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Britain , although small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it thinks to be right .
Britain , although small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be correct .
Britain , although small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be wrong .
Britain , although small , is more often than not in the core of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to finishing work .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to completing work .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting the task .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting the plan .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work at once.
In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
In this paper both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
In this essay both sides of the position mentioned above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own opinion is provided .
In this essay both sides of the position stated in it will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided in front of them .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
For example , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the third chapter :
For instance , here is a paragraph of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the end of the second chapter :
For instance , here is an excellent extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
Travelling to a different country can be both relaxing and frustrating at the same time .
Travelling to a foreign country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
Travelling to a different place can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
Travelling to a different continent can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
Travelling to a new country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
As for the shows including sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the participant to decide .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to choose .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the outsider to decide .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to make a decision .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am a huge mess because I need my mobile to work every day .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am a huge hurry because I need my phone to work every day .
The delivery was postponed , so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
The delivery was canceled , so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
The delivery was inaccurate , so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to finish .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to complete .
One year ago I chose to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my English level , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to pass it .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to dream to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
Firstly , watching the achievement of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
Firstly , watching the prize of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to learn professional sports .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports training.
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
I have been engaged in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
I have been involved in working in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
I have been involved in participating in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and helper .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and trainer .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
Secondly , the families could give you some suggestions about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to do with the things which will cause trouble .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the issues which will cause trouble .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the problems which will cause trouble .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to handle the things which will cause trouble .
Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing places to the swimming pool .
Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing stations to the swimming pool .
Furthermore , they would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
Furthermore , you would put air-conditioners to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing your rooms to the swimming pool .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
I can not know if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
I can not imagine if there is no taxi or MRT , how long I will take for school .
I can not imagine if there is no bicycle or MRT , how long I will take for school .
He can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
I can not figure out if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
Because of the lack of long distance travel people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
Because of the lack of long distance travel people often had a very ethnocentric and limited idea of the world .
Due to the lack of long distance travel people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
Because of the lack of long distance trip people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
Because of the lack of long distance travel people usually had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
Because of the lack of long distance travel people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the outside world .
Do we have enough choices in the screen ?
Do we have many choices in the screen ?
Do we have enough options in the screen ?
Do we have enough opportunities in the screen ?
Do we have enough choices in the Internet ?
Do we have sufficient choices in the screen ?
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
I also went to the wonderful Niagara Falls .
I also went to the beautiful Niagara Falls .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls in Canada .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls on my vacation .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls last holiday.
As for making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
As for making the human brain redundant computers can help to develop learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
As for making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning abilities , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
As for how to make the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
As for making the human brain redundant smart equipments can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
As for making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic competence .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our aims .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and achieve our dreams .
That 's why it is valuable : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
That 's why it is meaningful : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
That 's why it matters : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In addition , behind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
In addition , behind one add there are a lot of things : one factory .
In addition , behind one add there are a lot of things : one product .
In addition , behind one add there are a lot of useful things : one industry .
In addition , behind one add there are a lot of valuable things : one industry .
Additionally , behind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
The space is family friendly , a good place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
The space is family friendly , a suitable place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a festival or meet friends .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet close friends .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet business partners .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
There are a lot of plants called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , local trees of the coast of Mallorca .
There are a lot of tall trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
There are a lot of native trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
There are numerous trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
In general , using a car is easier then taking a plane or a bus .
In general , taking a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
In general , using a bicycle is easier then taking a train or a bus .
In general , using a car is much easier then taking a train or a bus .
In general , using a car is easier than taking a train or a bus to travel .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt badly .
I felt glad these days although Winnie hurt herself .
I felt glad today though Winnie hurt herself .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt her hand .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself deeply.
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us live in the 20th century .
This marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing speed of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
This development of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
This progress of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
This marvel of technology has pushed propel people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
Again we ate tacos , but this time they were special .
Again we ate tacos every day , but this time they were special .
Again we ate tacos , but this time they seemed to be special .
Again local people ate tacos , but this time they were special .
Again we ate tacos , but this time they turned to be special .
Again we ate tacos , but this time they were special for us .
Real problem starts when journalists injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family .
Real problem begins when journalists injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family .
Real problem starts when reporters injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family .
Real problem starts when journalists injures not the star , but its friends or family .
Real problem starts when journalists injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family members .
Real problem occurs when journalists injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
I hope you wo n't be disappointed .
I wish you wo n't be disappointed .
I promise you wo n't be rejected .
I promise you wo n't be sad .
I promise you wo n't be hurted .
We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .
We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are destroying the environment and the world .
We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the surrounding and the world .
We should used of public transport since at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .
We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are polluting the environment and the world .
We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are damaging the environment and the world .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a great traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with American food .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with traditional food .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with delicious food .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with its own food .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
In my mind and probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of other people this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of many people this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banning of the sport .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reasonable enough for the banning of boxing .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
I am looking forward to meeting you .
I am looking forward to seeing you in face .
I am looking forward to seeing you tomorrow .
I am looking forward to seeing you at my house .
I am looking forward to seeing you at the park .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I hope you are interested in my invitation .
I hope you are interested in my request .
I hope you are interested in my proposal .
I hope you are interested in my idea .
I hope you are interested in my plan .
You must not push yourself too far .
You should not push yourself too far .
You must not push yourself that far .
You must not push your daughter too far .
You must not push your son too far .
You must not push your companion too far .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their locals .
Active and nice government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Active and responsible government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Active and a good government know the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their residents .
My job was checking songs list which singers would perform .
My job was checking songs list which singers would sing .
My job was checking songs list which singers would perform on the stage .
My job was checking songs list which singers would perform later .
My duty was checking songs list which singers would perform .
My job was checking songs list which singers would perform that night .
A dog is man 's best friend
A dog is man 's close friend
A dog is man 's best partner
A pet is man 's best friend
A kind dog is man 's best friend
A dog is people 's best friend
Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Either you can find a professional teacher or just join your friends .
Either you can find a part-time coach or just join your friends .
Either you can hire a professional coach or just join your friends .
Either you can find a professional guide or just join your friends .
Either you can find a professional instructor or just join your friends .
And one must not forget space programs such a STARWARS .
And one should not forget space programs such a STARWARS .
And people must not forget space programs such a STARWARS .
And one must not forget space projects such a STARWARS .
And one must not forget space plans such a STARWARS .
And one must remember space programs such a STARWARS .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international travel ?
Every day lots of people are travelling to other places but , what 's the best way to do an international travel ?
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an interesting travel ?
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to plan an international travel ?
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to organize an international travel ?
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the effective way to do an international travel ?
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to get it .
You must be able to pass the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your partner and he has to catch it .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your friend and he has to catch it .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it without hesitation.
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
The course and the organization left much to be expected ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
The course and the organization left a lot to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not enough to cover all the costs ! :/
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not able to cover all the costs ! :/
The course and the organization left much to be imagined ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
But several great writers of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
But several great authors of that time questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received payment , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed almost nothing to society .
But several great authors of that period doubted the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
It will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay !
It will be very great to see the las part mokingjay !
It will be pretty cool to see the las part mokingjay !
It will be very cool to find the las part mokingjay !
It will be very cool to get the las part mokingjay !
It will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay with you!
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have developed .
Many useful things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
Many helpful things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
Many new tools have been invented and many things medically have changed .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed completely.
I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
I would like to read a story without tale , just a normal man who died while he was learning to live .
I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was truggling to live .
I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to work .
I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to overcome the difficulty .
I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live comfortably.
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay walking .
One they dogs went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
One they cats went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an actor or make something else than stay sleeping .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being a professional athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one can not omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
While touring Wawel Royal Castle one can not omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one can not omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the devil dragon of Wawel lived .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one can not omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , that , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one can not omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle ground , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle one can not omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest stories , the dragon of Wawel lived .
Are you okay'I asked .
Are they okay'I asked .
Are you okay'I confused .
Are you really okay'I asked .
Are you okay'I asked worriedly .
Are you okay'I asked anxiously .
That 's how I see a home of the future .
That 's how I define a home of the future .
That 's how I see a safe home of the future .
That 's why I see a home of the future .
That 's how I see a home of the future eventually .
That 's how I see a house of the future .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
I went to pool in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the canteen latter in the evening went to the beach .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening came to the beach .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach with my friends .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach to see a sunset.
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
Is it seasonable to do the meeting this week ?
Is it possible to do the conference this week ?
Is it possible to do the meeting this week online ?
Is it possible to do the formal meeting this week ?
Is it possible to do the annual meeting this week ?
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2014 ) .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2015 ) .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2016 ) .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2017 ) .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2018) .
Television also takes away from family time .
Computer game also takes away from family time .
Television also takes modesty away from family time .
Television takes away from family time .
Does television also takes away from family time .
Television also takes away from family leisure time .
The way it feels aggresive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
The way it feels aggresive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of dazzling screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
The way it feels aggresive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the videos displayed are .
The way it feels in heart aggresive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
The way it feels aggresive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or fancy the pictures displayed are .
The way it feels aggresive to enter a square or plaza in my hometown and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
Everybody should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or to travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best present for a student who attended the high school .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school with a good score .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to make money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
People usually divided the quality into three parts : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheets .
Experts usually divided the quality into three parts : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheets .
People generally divided the quality into three parts : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheets .
People usually divided the quality into three grades : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheets .
People usually divided the quality of seafood into three parts : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheets .
People usually divided the quality into three parts : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad pieces .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to make a profit from free trade .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free delivery .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to make money from free trade .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to get money from free trade .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade with other countries .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my city .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my lovely hometown .
There are attractive sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
There are beautiful sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
There are breathtaking scenery on the outskirts of my hometown .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
I think that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
I believe that I can make a great contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed school , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively engaged in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to provide a healthy learning environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated person who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and determination to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more fields than one .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than just one .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and devoted student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
I am interested in to join your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
I am interested in to join your team , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
I am interested in to join your group , because I like meeting interesting people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
I am interested in to join your group , because I like meeting new people from other fields and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
I am interested in to join your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new cities around the world .
I am interested in to join your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to travel to new countries around the world .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert only do your job which would be given .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be provided .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not talk about the concert just do your job which would be given .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just complete your job which would be given .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be assigned .
There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
There has been an example that the other town is troubled by the process of developing the mineral .
There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the procedure of developing the mineral .
There has been an example that the other city is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
There has been an example that the other town is damaged by the process of developing the mineral .
There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of digging the mineral .
So , she went upstairs ...
So , she went downstairs ...
Therefore , she went upstairs ...
Hence , she went upstairs ...
So , he went upstairs ...
So , she went upstairs alone...
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website .
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently posted on your website .
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your site .
I am writing to ask for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website .
I am writing to apply for the address of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website .
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on the website of your company .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting because it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it needs a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of abilities to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which seems to be very challenging .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very difficult .
It is now the age of the computer .
It is now the era of the computer .
It is now the world of the computer .
It is now the age of the Internet .
It is now the age of the technology .
It is now the age of internationalization .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Cancer Research Center .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Cancer Research Center this year .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Cancer Research Center currently .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Cancer Research Center this semester .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Cancer Research Center temporarily .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Cancer Research Center before starting my own lab .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more trusted than people .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than human beings .
Secondly , machines have sometimes become more reliable than people .
Secondly , robots have sometimes become more reliable than people .
Secondly , computers have become more reliable than people most of the time .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
After my PhD , I will go back to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
After my PhD , I will return to my hometown and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with teachers of University of Barisal .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with the staff of University of Barisal .
After receiving my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
We saw that giant snake eating our friends and the food .
We saw that monster eating our friends and the food .
We saw that beast attacking our friends and eating the food .
We saw that beast eating our friends and the plant .
I still remember that beast eating our friends and the food .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
I 'm agree with the idea that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
I 'm agree with the thought that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the day .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the way .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the celebrities , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with everyday , normal life .
From my personal experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Based on my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet people with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bulletproof vaults , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
In his mind , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in your former working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you have got and how you felt about your last job .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities developed in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions about what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
Relationships seemed to be valued more than one night stands .
Romantic relationships seemed to be valued more than one night stands .
Relationships seemed to be treated more than one night stands .
Relationships seemed to be valued a lot more than one night stands .
Relationships seemed to be valued much more than one night stands .
A stable relationship seemed to be valued more than one night stands .
People can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
People can rethink their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
People can review their decisions in vacations more accurate and helpful .
People can reconsider their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
We can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
People can review their decisions in day off more accurate and helpful .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes huge damage .
The boxing organization is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any beat to the head causes considerable damage .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the body causes considerable damage .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable pain .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
Unfortunately , the time will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage made by this apathy will be irreversable .
Unluckily , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
Unfortunately , the day will quickly come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversable forever .
There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .
There afternoon I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .
There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any close friends .
There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any money .
There night I screamed because I felt that I have not got any friends .
There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends anymore.
But let 's pick the World War hypothesis for a second .
But let 's pick the World War hypothesis for a minute .
However, let 's pick the World War hypothesis for a second .
But let 's pick the World War hypothesis for a second right now .
But let 's pick the World War hypothesis for a second this time .
But let 's pick the World War hypothesis for a while .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been real , but now many employers are the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many people are the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many workers are the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now numerous employers are the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the real victims .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a personal car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , since it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is really exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
Even if it will have happened there are many young people who ca n't get a car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't afford a car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
Also they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
Also they would have an opprtunity being engaged in volontier activity .
Also those people would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
Also they would be able to have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
Also they would be provided with an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
Also they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity every weekend.
No ! He has never acted like this .
No ! He has never acted like this way .
No ! He has never behaved like this .
No ! She has never acted like this .
No ! The boy has never acted like this .
No ! He has never acted like this before.
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
Hence , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
Therefore , it is understandable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to think that one transport can replace others .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to believe that one transport can replace others .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to summarize that one transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit one .
It is good that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit one .
It is better that they are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit one .
It is better that people know their pros and cons and choose a fit one .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit way .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit one among them.
There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
There is one homemade transmitter and it sends its signals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air , waves , with potential for billions of receivers .
There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers across the globe .
There is one transmitter that sends its signals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers in front of the screen .
For centuries this building had been the symbol of this city .
For thousands of years this building had been the symbol of this city .
For centuries this building had been the landmark of this city .
For centuries this building had been the symbol of the metropolis city .
For centuries this mansion had been the symbol of this city .
For centuries this building that dates back to Tang dynasty had been the symbol of this city .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
The e-dictionary will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
That will help you to a large extent even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the opportunity to revise everything before your exam .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything you have learnt before your exam .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to memorize everything before your exam .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
I reckon I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
I believe I am a competent candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , given the swimming skills I have .
I firmly believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
I believe I am a suitable applicant for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
His skin is colored red , just like the father .
His skin is colored brown , just like the father .
His skin is colored red , resembling the father .
His skin is colored red , just like the father and mother .
My cousins’ skins are colored red , just like the father .
The color of his skin is red , just like the father .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
All residents sort garbage thrown into suitable containers .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into corresponding containers .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable dustbins .
All residents single out the garbage and throw it into suitable containers .
All residents living here segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Granted , the person who " told " the computer what to do truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Indeed , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly brought about the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have equivocal answers .
Granted , it is the person who " commanded " the computer that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
I approve of the view that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
I agree that computers are helpful devices but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
I agree that computers are helpful but citizens should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so dependent on them .
I agree that computers are convenient but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
They feel that it is not fair that mankind is the only host .
The professor feels that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
They feel that it is far from fair that men are the only ones .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones in a dominant position .
They contend that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
Moreover , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
Furthermore , climate specialist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , a region that has warmed 20% more than the global average .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% less than the global average .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins anticipates a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the company , but it needs to expand .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it has to expand .
The project represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The program takes up 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The program represents 2% increase of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
I saw tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I saw tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport ation .
I watched tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I saw tv related to train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I saw tv about train in America - that is the future of public transport .
I saw tv about train in other countries - that is the future of public transport .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
They are able to generate amazingly correct graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just minutes .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and deal with extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and do with extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
They can generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The big concern in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The big problem in my lesson are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing doing many things at school and I think even at home .
The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even on the way .
The biggest problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
I am pretty much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
I am very much worried about the city where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because each person of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
I am very much worried about the place where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every week .
We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we become mad at them !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they seldom get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they often get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they also get crazy and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
We 're in a mess , they 're not clear and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
For example , people meet their relatives that never see for a long time .
For instance , people meet their relatives that never see for a long time .
For example , people meet their friends that never see for a long time .
For example , people meet their relatives that never see for a long period .
For example , people miss their relatives that never see for a long time .
For example , people meet their relatives who never see for a long time .
In my view , public person deserve to have their own life , without photographing .
In my opinion , public person deserve to have their own life , without photographing .
In my mind , public person deserve to have their own life , without photographing .
In my view , public person deserve to have their own privacy , without photographing .
In my view , public person deserve to have their own time , without photographing .
In my view , public person deserve to have their own life , without photographing by journalists .
Beside this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
Beside this , the characters of the novel seem to be sad , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
Beside this , the main characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
Beside this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a dangerous and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
Beside this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living in a sad and boring atmosphere that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
Beside this , the figures of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
You will ride until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
You will ride until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical coasts of Mallorca .
You will walk until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
You will run until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
People will ride until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
You will ride until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical thanks to Mallorca .
L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy
L'Albero is the Best Pizza West of Italy
L'Albero , the Best Pizza in western Italy
L'Albero , in fact the Best Pizza West of Italy
L'Albero , the Most Delicious Pizza West of Italy
L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of this city
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
This is because our friendship is more rugged .
It is because our friendship is firmer .
It is because the friendship among us is more rugged .
The reason for this is our friendship is more rugged .
It is because our friendship is weaker .
For me , football is everything in my life .
For my part , football is everything in my life .
For me , soccer is everything in my life .
For me , football completely constitutes my life .
For me , football means everything in my life .
For me , football is everything in my spare life .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
Especially , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
In particular , the community explores to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
In particular , the community seeks to improve greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater mobility within its frontiers ; mobility not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
In particular , the community tries to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
I suggest you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and then you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a great taste in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and I guarantee you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
I advise you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Therefore , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
So , even if driving can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to become the preferred choice for good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and substantially supported by governments .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient in most cases, public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
Furthermore , having a car is very expensive .
In addition , owning a car is very expensive .
In addition , having a car is very costly .
In addition , having a car will cost you a lot of money .
In addition , having a car is necessary .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
After she grows up , she decides to depart and never go back to her hometown .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never return to her hometown .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown again .
After she grows up , she decides to leave her hometown and never go back there .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her home .
Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
Give it a try , it wo n't cost you much !
Just try , after all it wo n't cost you much !
Just try , you wo n't spend money on it much !
Just have a try , it wo n't cost you much !
Just try , it wo n't cost you a lot !
While the road system is being improoved there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place .
Although the road system is being improoved there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place .
While the road system is being improoved it seems that a series of endless roadworks have restricted the highways and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place .
While the road system is being improoved there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delay when the roadworks are in place .
While the road system is being improoved there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delay during the implementation of the road works .
While the road system is being improoved greatly there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
Although you are all the free time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
Although you are all the spare time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see wild animals .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can meet animals .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see cute animals .
The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
The Satellite dish has also created distinct benefits for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
The Satellite dish has also created many advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
The Satellite dish has also created distinct disadvantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
The Satellite dish has also created a lot of advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
The Satellite dish has also provided distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
That was the major reason he wanted to end it up .
That was the main reason he wanted to finish it up .
That was the main reason he wanted to complete it up .
That was the main reason he hoped to end it up .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up quickly without permission .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am a preschool teacher and I have rich experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience taking care of chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite careful and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this type of job .
I am a preschool teacher and I am experienced in looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this job .
Due to this , we're both called to meet the headmaster .
Due to this , we're both called to talk with the headmaster .
Due to this , we're both called to meet the teacher .
Due to this , we're both called to meet the doctor .
Due to this , we're both required to meet the headmaster .
Because of this , we're both called to meet the headmaster .
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes .
is a way not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes .
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels people to seek other routes .
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to find other routes .
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routines .
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that forces us to seek other routes .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglected .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more stressed .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more ignored .
Divorce rate is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglected .
Divorce is at fifty percent and increasing , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglected .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more depressed .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
These ideas are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal opportunity in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an fair chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
These opinions are based on a rather mistaken American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
These thoughts are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
We also know our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
We even realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
People also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
They also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more efficiently .
Possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of patience .
Possibly , participants might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Possibly , workers might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Possibly , users may express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of consciousness .
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
There are not so many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music . »
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can also listen to music . »
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can use it to listen to music as well . »
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music meanwhile . »
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
According to calculations, only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery is used for charitable causes , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is to tax bonuses , profits , and the so called charities .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is the ation of tax the prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery goes to charitable uses , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Instead in the small cities , the situation is different , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , as fewer people would use it .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it than in big cities .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the equal way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Instead in the small cities , it can't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest all money , because fewer people would use it .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely correct ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not absolutely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers can not make ings deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything beyond their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adjust to new situations using judgement .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
In addition , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
Furthermore , I am very creative , which is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new entertainment games for the kids to have a great time .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to to make them have fun .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good point of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
At present we use technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Nowadays we are using technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , including educations and making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from educations to production of clothing , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from educations to making products , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
will we see on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
will we see on the roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
will we see on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so amusing question/
will we see when we are on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
will we have the opportunity to see on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
will we see on our streets the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
To some extent this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; for most people, something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension , and therefore provokes fear .
Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; what destroys the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore triggers fear .
Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic elelments of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
The reason why I play football is that I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I play it hardly is because of my dad .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is on the score of my dad .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad 's influence .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dream .
now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
now we can notice that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
now we can see that more and more people like travelling by car .
now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car on their own .
now we can see that more and more people prefer to choose to travel by car .
now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car to other places .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
However , information which is posted on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
However , information which is uploaded on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
However , information which is shown on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
However , public information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
However , information which is spreaded on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and desire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to prevent any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its people .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the place and its inhabitants .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would consult and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo great and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waiter makes you feel into the 50s .
Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the babysitter makes you feel into the 50s .
Third trip was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the wonderland .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take photos which shows them in embarrassing situation .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels easy when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels acceptable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of other people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under the surveillance of people who wait to take pictures closely which shows them in embarrassing situation .
What other precautions , is usually taken ?
What other good precautions , is usually taken ?
What other actions , is usually taken ?
What other measures , is usually taken ?
What other precautions , is usually avoided ?
What other safeguard actions , is usually taken ?
Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
Girls just ca n't fight in a war very well .
Women just ca n't combat in a war very well .
Women just ca n't fight in a scientific war very well .
Weak man just ca n't fight in a war very well .
Women just can't fight in a war very powerfully as men do .
He has yellow skin and big eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
He has white skin and big eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
He has smooth skin and big eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
He has yellow skin and bright eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
He has yellow skin and big hands , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
He has yellow skin and big blue eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their beautiful houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a comfortable , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of coffee .
Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy room and a nice cup of tea .
Although people would keep mulling over how to decorate their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
The city where I live is a small village .
The city where I live is a small place .
The place where I live is a small village .
The city where they live is a small village .
The city where I live currently is a small village .
The city where I live is a small village far from city .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to pend time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
However , the invention of internet also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
However , the invention of mobile phone also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
However , the invention of television also gave people an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste spare time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be difficult as there are so many choices .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard because there are so many choices .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many options .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many places .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many good choices .
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the flowers will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the plants will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having fights .
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having constant wars .
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having disasters .
It was my favorite flower I have it ever .
It was my favorite gift I have it ever .
It was my favorite dress I have it ever .
It was my favorite pen I have it ever .
It was my favorite book I have it ever .
It was my favorite flower I have it ever in my room.
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Not all people like the thought of Googlemobile .
Not all people favor the idea of Googlemobile .
Not all people upport the idea of Googlemobile .
Not all people agree to the idea of Googlemobile .
Not all people appreciate the idea of Googlemobile .
Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
Neither I have problems for sleeping in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
Neither I have problems for having a rest in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
Neither I have problems for working in a living room , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
Neither I have problems for working in a hall , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a music bar .
Seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Seventh day began with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Seventh day started with a really great breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Seventh day started with a really nice lunch , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Seventh day started with a really nice meal , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Seventh day started with a really delicious breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
It would be tempting to think of the different European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the value of European Unity .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the necessity of European Unity .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the significance of European Unity .
I am delighted to see you soon .
I am glad to see you soon .
I am delighted to see you next time .
I am delighted to see you today .
I am happy to see you soon .
I am excited to see you soon .
The bigger the city , bigger the problem .
The bigger the school , bigger the problem .
The bigger the country , bigger the problem .
The bigger the city , bigger the concern .
The bigger the city , bigger the issue .
The bigger the city , more serious the problem .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
My brother showed a natural gift for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uneasy and scared .
My brother showed a natural talent for the game , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
My brother showed a natural talent for the match , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
My brother showed a great talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
But when they reach in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
But when they reach in - between period , confused emotions cross their minds .
But when they reach in - between period , confused feelings fill in their minds .
But when they reach in - between period , confused thoughts cross their minds .
But when they reach in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds immediately .
But when they reach in - between period , mixed feelings cross their minds .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , food for musicians and things like that .
My work consisted of designing press advertising , providing all ticket , food for musicians and things like that .
My work consisted of making press advertising , offering all ticket , food for musicians and things like that .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , food for actors and things like that .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , food for customers and things like that .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , food for musicians and things like that to customers.
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
In a word , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Overall , The Guardian is regarded as one of the best newspapers in the world .
Normally , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the country .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best publications in the world .
It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power in the process .
It is indeed combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
It is actually combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power in the long period .
It is combination of a physical force , a technique and a mental force .
In offices , the computer is everywhere .
In offices , the computer is easy to find .
In offices , the computer is a must .
In offices , the computer is needed for everyone .
In offices , the computer is belonged to the company .
In offices , the computer is available to everyone .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
My current job is to be a nurse at the formal hospital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
My favorite job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
My dream job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
My current job is to be a helper at the local hospital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and i'l can do everything as a young doctor can .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a cat .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a horse .
The best example is an animal with good qualities , a dog .
The good example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
The best example is an animal with knidness , a dog .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skipe and others .
You can even communicate with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skipe and others .
You can even talk with native people by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skipe and others .
You can even talk with local speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skipe and others .
You can even talk with other speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skipe and others .
You can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skipe and other social platforms .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
It had been a very long and boring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really great .
It had been a very long and tiring time , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
It had been a very difficult and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something of special value .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
Do you know that 75% of citizens in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any kind of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our country and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese around the world .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big concern to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
To a certain degree , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
To a certain extent , even if the right was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
To a certain extent , even though sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was given to others , some national personality would be preserved .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved forever .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a good time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I assure you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the students meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the workers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
In summary , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the things to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to reuse .
Moreover , we run an organization which gives money to people who bring us the materials to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who sell us the materials to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to use .
The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
The staff is very helpful explaining the requirement to customers .
The staff is very helpful explaining the problem to customers .
The staff is very helpful explaining the difficult point to customers .
The staff is very nice explaining the menu to customers .
The staff is very helpful explaining details of the menu to customers .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes a powerful king .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent governor .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent leader .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an hard-working king .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes a competent king .
Wether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
Wether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to improve the situation .
Wether they change to sheep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
Wether they switch to cows or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
Wether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made , big changes would be needed to change the situation .
Wether they transfer to sheep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that benefits .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that is good .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that suits .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that is acceptable .
Travelling also helps to observe the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I hope I will get rich experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I hope I will get valuable lesson by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very helpful in the future .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this difficult job , which will be very useful in the future .
I hope I will get precious experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
The first movies , were amazing ! !
The first films , were amazing ! !
The first actions , were amazing ! !
The first movies , were fantastic ! !
The first movies , were great ! !
The first movies , were impressive ! !
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
That 's the most important point if you want to play basketball .
That 's the most important point if you want to play volleyball .
That 's the most important step if you want to play handball .
That 's the most important requirement if you want to play handball .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball with others .
In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my class which startst at 9 AM .
In Mondays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my company which startst at 9 AM .
In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my office which startst at 9 AM .
In weekdays , I get off from my comfortable bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
At the end , I 'm also ready to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long er hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long time , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my sister in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
At the end , I 'm prepared well to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
If you are tired does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .
If you are sad does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .
If you are bored does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .
If you are tired does n't matters , because you appreciate that you 're doing .
If you are tired does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing in the office .
If you are weary does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
According to the table , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
According to the chart , the two countries with the highest salaries are Country A and Country B.
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest wages are Country A and Country B.
According to the data , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
According to the diagram , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
Also people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
Also people can easily reduce their negative emotion by sharing and expressing how they feel .
Also people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel at the moment .
Also people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel to other people .
Also people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel to their friends .
Also people can effectively reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
This experience has given me the capacity to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
This experience has given me the ability to meet with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
This experience has given me the ability to do with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all kinds of children 's personalities .
This experience has given me the ability to handle the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
Love : That 's a new feeling that young people have to face .
Love : That 's a new feeling that teenagers have to face .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents need to face .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to have .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face when they grow up .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this spheare .
We are told about a lot of inventions in this spheare .
We are told about a lot of new things in this spheare .
We are told about a lot of technological products in this spheare .
We are told about a lot of new technologies in this spheare .
We are told about a lot of useful innovations in this spheare .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my living room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an egg or something exotic .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something strange .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something horrible .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something terrible .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .
From my own view , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the world or even human and animals .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and plants .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and wild animals .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals around the world .
That was the story why I go snowboarding .
That was the story why I go traveling .
That was the story why I go to another city .
That was the story why I go skating .
That was the story why I go to the supermarket .
That was the reason why I go snowboarding .
Once fertilisation has occured the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Once fertilisation has occured the fertilised egg is put back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Once fertilisation has occured the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mothers body and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Once fertilisation has occured the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be good .
When fertilisation has occured the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Once fertilisation has occured the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be successful .
to join your small group on a trip around the world .
to join your small team on a trip around the world .
to join your small group on a trip all over the world .
to join your big group on a trip around the world .
to join your small circle on a trip around the world .
to join your small group on a trip to the foreign world .
Similarly travelling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .
Similarly travelling by train has its own advantage and disadvantages .
Similarly going to company by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .
Similarly going to another city by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .
Similarly travelling by plane has its own advantage and disadvantages .
Actually travelling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .
Like they were very religious ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
Like they were very religious ants they prey for her sacred god so they can help them in the big deal .
Like they were very religious people they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
Like they were very religious ollowers they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
Like they were very religious inhabit ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
Like they were very innocent ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
During my school , I like to play basketball and i 'm an excellent player .
During my school , I choose to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player in the team .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player in our school .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm a professional player .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
In a nutshell , according to aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I fully I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that teenagers could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that young people could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the saying that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
These were groups of people doing the similar work , such as carpenters .
These were groups of people doing the relevant work , such as carpenters .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as waiters .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as accountants .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as qualified carpenters .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aim at ?
Do n't you believe you are worth getting the highest score one could aim at ?
Do n't you think you are able to get the highest score one could aim at ?
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest grades one could aim at ?
Do n't you think they are worth getting the highest score one could aim at ?
Don't you agree you are worth getting the highest score one could aim at ?
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
In my third year , I did my internship as a waiter in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
In my second year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel during 3 months and a half in Badajoz .
In my third year , I did my internship as a waiteress in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a half in a foreign country .
Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Within this century , many technological advances have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Within this century there have been many technological advances which have led to a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a enormously different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Within the twentieth century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a hugely different society than that of a hundred years ago .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
When Tom caught sight of his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into it and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
When seeing his house Tom sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and suddenly saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his room and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
For instance , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions , thereby improving your confidence .
For example , if you learn another kind of language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is merely a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can negotiate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
They choose to remain indifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
They chose to remain indifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
They choose to remain aloof to the plights of their fellow Americans .
They choose to remain indifferent towards the plights of their fellow Americans .
They choose to remain indifferent to the predicaments of their fellow Americans .
They choose to remain indifferent to the sufferings of their fellow Americans .
Patras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
Patras is a n extremely beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
Patras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and also for her monuments .
Patras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her relics .
Patras is very beautiful and for her culture , and for her monuments .
Patras is a very beautiful city and for her special culture , and for her monuments .
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
Recently it seems as if , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
It seems as though, recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the significance of practising a sport .
It seems as if , recently , society has become more aware of the importance of practising a sport .
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the value of practising a sport .
Why do you have to exercise ?
Why do you have to have physical training ?
What is the reason why you have to exercise ?
Why do you have to take exercise ?
Why do you have no choice but to exercise ?
Why do you have to sleep ?
Then , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
Then , the skilled mechanic would prepare s the metal plate in order to go to the next step .
Then , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates for the next step .
Afterwards , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
Then , dexterous machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
Then , qualified machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's home , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , because he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and very close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
I chose to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract form the entertainment .
change the rules of boxing slightly would greatly improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract form the entertainment .
change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of this sport and not detract form the entertainment .
change the rules of boxing slightly would much increase the safety risks of the sport and not detract form the entertainment .
change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport without ing detract form the entertainment .
change the regulations of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract form the entertainment .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
She felt that something bad was going to happen .
He felt that something awfully bad was going to happen .
He felt that something lucky was going to happen .
He felt that something bad was going to happen in no time .
He felt that something unlucky was going to happen .
In concluding I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
In concluding we all wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
In concluding I wish to propose clean , comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
In concluding I wish to advise clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
In concluding I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the very near future .
In concluding I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the kids .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
This is his address : 4 Spruce avenue .
This is my current address : 4 Spruce avenue .
This is my actual address : 4 Spruce avenue .
Here is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
This is where I live : 4 Spruce avenue .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
However , if I have given opportunity to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
But , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
However , if I have given option to select between all of three , I will say plane .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say by plane .
However , if I have given chance to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
Secondly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
Firstly , the 12 bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than planned to time of travel .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel in the begining .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than anticipated to time of travel .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give forteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
In short , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give forteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be kept down , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give forteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more lucky people : it is better to give forteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to offer forteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its current form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give forteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
Well it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
Well it depends on situations .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
Well it depends .... When you have a trip with your own car you are independent .
Well it depends .... When you travel with your own SUV you are independent .
Well it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent in all aspects .
Well it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are free .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
The appearance of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is beyond doubt the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most fantastic as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible finding not only of the 20th century but of all time .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is definitely the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
Regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
With regard to advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
Regarding advertisement , advanced technology is having a huge , and not always possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
Regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not all time possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
Regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always possitive impact on outer advertisement .
For advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
Additionally , our street government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
Additionally , our city government has banned smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free for all session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the consciousness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In addition , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had gone through a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a crest value of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a downward trend overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Both pork consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with pork consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Both lamb consumption and the category named beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working in youth environments .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working in new environments .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working and interacting with collegues in youth environments .
I have a friendly , obliging personality and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working in youth environments .
I have a friendly , happy disposition and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working in youth environments .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I appreciate the chalenges of working in youth environments .
Car is convenient for human , but it brings damage for human also .
Car is convenient and useful for human , but it brings damage for human also .
Car is convenient for human , but it brings damage and problems for human also .
Car is convenient for human , but it brings damage for human also , such as air pollution .
Car has brought many conveniences to human , but it brings damage for human also .
Car is convenient for human , but it brings unconvenience for human also .
However , only one thing that we dislike
However , only one thing that we are skeptical of
To be honest , only one thing that we dislike
For this technology , only one thing that we dislike
However , only one thing that we dislike and it is the appearance
However , only one thing that we hate
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school is located in the centre of the city in New Delhi , India .
My school is situated in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school is located on the edge of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school is located in the strip-shopping center of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school is located exactly in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
It 's incredibly difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is imperative try to invent new way to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to get funding and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and keep the natural and cultural heritage safe for future generations .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and protect the natural and cultural heritage .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make wonderful achievements in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study more about it , I want to know more and more .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more to contribute to this .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as a research focus as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
I believe that work is meaningful and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
You do n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
You do n't matter if you go to sleep in the middle of the night , or do n't sleep ...
You do n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ... But I can't tolerate it
You told me that you do n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
You do n't matter what your roommates do if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
You do n't matter if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep at all...
No future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or no ?
Is there no future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or no ?
No future for a public transpotr ? is this parlance or no ?
Do you agree that there is no future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or no ?
No future for a public transpotr controlled by the government ? is this claim or no ?
No future for a public transpotr ? is this proposal or no ?
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
Maybe it was a defensive tower of the city or an important building for high - class people .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or the best protectors of high - class people .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an iconic building for high - class people .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class and fashionable elite .
Maybe it was a strange tower or an important building for high - class people .
The 3 daughters where so different each other .
The 3 children where so different each other .
The triplets daughters where so different each other .
The 3 daughters where nearly similar each other .
The 3 daughters where so different each including their personalities , looks, and so on .
The 3 kinds of drinking where so different each other .
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
But beyond this , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel frightened or uneasy at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be established quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support and silent care of your teachers .
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel intimidated at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages .
I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange experience with them .
I also love meeting new people from another countries with different cultures and exchange languages .
I also love making friends with new people from another countries and exchange languages .
I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages , throgh which I can learn many things .
I also love and enjoy the process of meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages .
I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
I had a very imposing memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
I had a very great memories of these experiences when I was young and I would really like to live them again .
I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them and enjoy again .
I had a very great impressions of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live these memories again .
Back home , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
Back home , everything started fast -I should have gotten conditioned to by now , should n't I??- .
When I returned home , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
Back home , everything around me started fast -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
Back home , everything ran fast -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
Back home , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to how it going by now , should n't I??- .
Is the car faster then public transport ?
Do you agree that the car faster then public transport ?
Is the car faster then public transport ? Is this backed up by data
Is the car faster then public transport all the time ?
Is the car slower then public transport ?
Is the car faster then public transport ? Are you serious ?
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape and features .
Sometimes they will be some forms of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
Sometimes they will appear to be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
Sometimes they will be presented in some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape and my feeling .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
To make a long story short , dogs make really great pets .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets for no reason .
In conclusion , dogs are called man's best friend pets .
In conclusion , puppies make really great pets .
In conclusion , hamsters make really great pets .
Some people think that we need in tablet computers instead books
Some people hold the opinion that that we need in tablet computers instead books
Some people think that we need in tablet computers instead printed or research librarians books
Some people think that we need in tablet computers or mobile phones instead books
Some people think that we prefer in tablet computers instead books
Some people think that we need in useful skills instead books
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS , I was so happy to receive your letter .
Hi USA National Aeronautics and Space Administration ,
Hi USA Fed Chair ,
Hi Tsinghua University SUMMER CAMPS ,
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS , many attached to universities .
I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
I was the leader of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
I was a member of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team in our local area .
I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team in our city .
I hold many positions , including the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 years to improve , so we could all already have it .
Some reports show that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Some reports declare that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Some researchers say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Some reports say that it still needs at least 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
I started to practice swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I began to practice swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I started to learn swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I started to practice swimming in big pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I started to practice swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn it quickly .
I started to practice swimming in pool when I was young , because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
In political field , regardless of legislation , Britain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
In political terms , regardless of laws , Britain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
In political terms , regardless of rules , Britain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain like the rest of Europe is getting increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population and cultural composition .
In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area manager to organize activities for children .
In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area manager to plan activities for children .
In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area manager to carry out activities for children .
In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area manager to organize activities for kids .
In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area manager to organize activities for students .
In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organization as an assistant , helping area manager to organize activities for children .
Even today , the woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Even today , the girl is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Even nowadays , the woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Even today , the woman is still just earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Even today , the woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a boy earns .
Even today , it's very common that the woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If this were not surprising enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If this were not amazing enough , the tool cuts cooking time in half .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts waiting time in half .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts preparing time in half .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half and brings you a delicious food .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good Chinese .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write pretty good English .
So I grew up thinking I was able to speak and write quite good English .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good French .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English , but I failed .
Contemporary Art is a very controversial issue nowadays .
Contemporary Art is a very meaningful issue nowadays .
Contemporary Art is a very interesting issue nowadays .
Contemporary Art in college is a very controversial issue nowadays .
Contemporary Art in school is a very controversial issue nowadays .
Contemporary Art is a very controversial issue nowadays , and it is a futures market in which "derivative" is a bad word .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Lugo city .
I am describing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Lugo city .
I am writing about an ssential historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Lugo city .
I am writing about an important historical city which is my favourite one , I am referring to Lugo city .
I am talking about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Lugo city .
In the above description , I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Lugo city .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
Some had been executed -- I had a friend whose father had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
Some had been executed -- I had a partner whose father had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose brother had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose uncle had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
Some had been implemented -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
The main reason for the citizens of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating meat at the moment is the threat of BSB .
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the restaurant is the threat of BSB .
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the serious threat of BSB .
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSB , a brain disease of cows that causes death .
" Yes , sir . "
" Yes , madam . "
" Yes , sir . I will do it. . "
" Yes , sir . I understand it. . "
" Yes , sir . I get it. . "
" That's a fine car you have . Yes , sir . "
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their vocabulary .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their speaking ability .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their listening ability .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English level .
As result , using some simple everyday language to communicate more is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the shape of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much uglier than new computers .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the weight of the computers , old computers were much heavier than new computers .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the function of the computers , old computers were much more developed than new computers .
As we can notice , there's a big difference between old and new computers , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
The computer could do the same thing .
The computer could do the similar thing .
The computer could perform the same thing .
The computer could complete the same thing .
The computer could get the same result .
The computer could do more difficult things .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my team , I do n't trust them , honestly .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my group , I do n't trust them , honestly .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them at all , honestly .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my community , I do n't trust them , honestly .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them for some reasons , honestly .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the right of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equal rights of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equal education of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much chievements has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) . The victory of feminism allows women like Gilbert to shape their own destinies .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UKs transports network .
This contributes to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UKs transports network .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every period , consequently putting pressure on the UKs transports network .
This gives rise to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UKs transports network .
This leads to a decrease in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UKs transports network .
This brings on an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UKs transports network .
customers are still reluctant to eat the meat incase it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
customers are still unwilling to eat the meat incase it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
Buyers are still reluctant to eat the meat incase it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
customers are still reluctant to eat the beef incase it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
customers are still reluctant to eat the meat incase it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to reduce costs .
customers are still reluctant to eat the meat incase it has come from some ' designing ' butcher trying to cut costs .
About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?
About the photos from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?
As for the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?
About the great pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?
About the gifts from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?
About the parcel from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body indicates that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body shows that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament agreed .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the locals wished it and Parliament consented .
The truth that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
The Phone Bank might give quite a good offer for you .
The Phone Bank might give quite a good salary for you .
The Phone Bank might give quite a good position for you .
The Phone Bank might give quite a good option for you .
The Phone Bank may give quite a good offer for you .
The Phone Bank might give quite a good proposal for you .
I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
I also worked with large and small groups in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
I also cooperated with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , planned many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , organized many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
I also worked with large teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents take part in them .
They organize monthly meetings on the pollution , residents participate in them .
They organize monthly meetings on the food , residents participate in them .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them on time .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , volunteers participate in them .
All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
All these accidents had one thing in common : FIRE .
All these events had one thing in common : FIRE .
All these things had one point in common : FIRE .
Some of these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
All these different things had one thing in common : FIRE .
The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the way of telecommunication .
The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication in the world .
The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication in the city .
The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication around the world .
The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has altered the meaning of telecommunication .
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superman .
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around behaving like Superman .
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Spiderman .
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around just like Superman .
However , this feeling of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superman .
However , this sense of reality is not so twisted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superman .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
Swimming as a sport is very helpful in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
Swimming as a sport is very effective in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in wieght reduction if you are fat and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and reduces the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
Swimming as a sport is very good in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be great because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around strange people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the private transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we ppreciate and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we prefer and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to sleep and relax .
She was in a part of the forest where she used to go to think and relax .
She was in a part of the area where she used to go to think and relax .
She was in a part of the garden where she used to go to think and relax .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and have a rest .
Though they are becoming so called educated but in real sense they are still savage .
Though they are urning to be so called educated but in real sense they are still savage .
Though they are becoming so called knowledgeable but in real sense they are still savage .
Though they are becoming so called killful but in real sense they are still savage .
Though they are becoming so called educated but in real state they are still savage .
Though they are becoming so well educated but in real sense they are still savage .
Even when I was a kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
Even when I was a kid I started playing with children of much higher age than me .
Even when I was a small kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
Even when I was a kid I started going out with boys of much higher age than me .
Even when I was a kid I started hanging out with boys of much higher age than me .
Even when I was a kid I started playing with teenagers of much higher age than me .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We found a hotel and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We found a pharmacy and a bathroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean our bodies .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves quickly .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to refresh ourselves .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join your team because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure trip .
Furthermore I feel glad to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group since I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your team .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
To begin with , there is a common consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long vacation time .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long holiday time .
To start with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The way the sex can be selected is by using genetics .
The method the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The way the sex can be chosen beforehand is by using genetics .
The way the sex can be chosen before giving a birth is by using genetics .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics technology.
When the concert finished I felt like a bird which flying freely .
When the concert completed I felt like a bird which flying freely .
When the concert finished I felt like a light bird which flying freely .
When the concert finished I felt like a bird which flying freely in the sky .
When the concert finished I felt like a bird which flying freely in the blue sky .
When the concert was over I felt like a bird which flying freely .
Nothing is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
Nothing is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to find true friends .
Nothing is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to find real friends .
Nothing is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to make sincere friends .
Nothing is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends in our life .
Nothing is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends who understand us .
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the book !
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the morning newspaper !
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement online !
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement on the wall !
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the daily newspaper !
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
This exception can be found at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
This exception can be read at the end of the second chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
This exception can be read at the end of the first stanza , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the priest writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
We have superb fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
We have superb fighters with wonderful character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
We have great fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
We have many superb fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
We have superb fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and Frank Bruno .
We have fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
In the exam , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
In the exam , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; unexpectedly , I was able to do it perfectly .
In the exam , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; unfortunately , I was un able to do it perfectly .
In the exam , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it .
In the interview , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
In the test , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
The World Meteorological Organization made known that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning natural gas .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has probably been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by consuming fossil fuels .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels of a large amount .
This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
This supposed reliability has left many employees out of work .
This supposed reliability has left many workers laid off .
This alleged reliability has left many workers out of work .
This supposed dependability has left many workers out of work .
This thought reliability has left many workers out of work .
All members congratulated me , as well .
All members complimented me , as well .
All members congratulated the supervisor , as well .
All of my colleagues congratulated me , as well .
All members congratulated me .
All group members congratulated me , as well .
Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that oil was liquid .
Another animals give them food because she discover that water was liquid .
Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that wood was solid .
Another orangutans give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
Another animals give them rewards or bonus since she discover that water was liquid .
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
Also , It 's ideal for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is plenty of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of room so we can sit all together at the same table .
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can still sit all together at the same table .
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together in the same room .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for gratis while we were choosing the main dishes .
They offered us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
They served us " nachos " with potato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main courses .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce without charge while we were choosing the main dishes .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .
La Papa Guapa , located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , serves baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers roasted potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and attractive cocktails .
La Papa Guapa , which is situated in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .
Many people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
Plenty of people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
Many people have had their job taken over by computers .
Nowadays, people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
Many people have done their job positions by computers .
Many people have had their job positions replaced by computers .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
Jason is my friend , he is excited and also he dance with your girfriend .
Jason is my intimate friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
The boy over there called Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
Jason is my cousin , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend gracefully.
She came down , but she did not scream .
She came down , however, she did not scream .
She went down stairs , but she did not scream .
She came down , but she did not scream and cry .
She came down , but she did not scream . Instead, she was very calm. .
She came down , but she was silent .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the satellite dish .
Military aircraft programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the satellite dish .
According to the statistics, naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the satellite dish .
Naval programs have consumed exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the satellite dish .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of fiscal expenditure in the United States , due to the satellite dish .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the satellite rubbish .
Radio gives the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
Social media give the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
Radio gives makes it possible to reach many more people , instantly .
Radio gives the ability to keep in contact with many more people , instantly .
As we can see, radio gives the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
Radio gives the competence to reach many more people , instantly .
But he did n't love her enough .
But he did n't love his girlfriend enough .
But he did n't love her as she loved him .
But what made r sad was that he did n't love her enough .
Unfortunately, he did n't love her enough .
But he did n't love her deeply .
After a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
After a tough day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
After suffering a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
After a hard day at University I went home and then I went to the stadium to play it .
After a hard day at University I go to the stadium to play it .
After a busy day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
You will also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
You do also get a present as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
You do also get a gift as a new credit card holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
What's more, you do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
You do also get a precious gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
Therefore, I think public transport 's future is bright .
So I hold the view that public transport 's future is bright .
So I think public transport 's future is obviously bright .
I think public transport 's future is bright .
So I think public transport 's future is full of hope .
How are you ? .
How are they ? .
Where are you ? .
How do you feel after watching the movie ? .
How do you do ? .
How are you recently? .
Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
Television has the influence to bring war into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
Television has the power to bring afflicts into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
Television has the power to bring war into the home the same as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , which gives society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
This plot can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
All aound the world a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent that all the people have seen, , but especially so in Europe .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , especially so in Europe .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , which is typical in Europe .
This club has superb fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person .
No matter when I play this game , I always follow this person .
Whenever I play this game , I always choose to follow this person .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person who is really outstanding in this game. .
Whenever I play this game , I follow the method of this person .
Whenever I play this game , I follow this person intentionally .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
So people will have the ability to avoid traffic jams .
So people will be able to ward off traffic jams .
Therefore, people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
So people will wisely avoid traffic jams .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams with a careful plan .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
People , businesses or associations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , what's more, some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted anywhere around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people wound rather choose these forms of communication than actually meet face to face .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people would avoid these forms of communication and choose to meet face to face .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
We have accomplished this result , because we are friendly and organised .
We have achieved this result , the reason is that we are friendly and organised .
No surprisingly, we have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
We have achieved this result , because we are organised .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and warm-hearted .
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding this position .
And I am really sure that I am just the person that you are finding .
And I really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
And what I am really sure is that I am the person that you are finding .
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding this project .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
What's more , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said without their thoughts .
Apart from this , he just writes everything the characters said .
Apart from this , t student he just writes exactly what the characters said .
Besides , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
The next day when they were about to start filming they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...
The following day when they were about to start filming they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...
The next day when they were on the point of starting filming they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...
The next day when they were about to start filming they ere non insects there so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...
The next day when they were about to start filming they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't find even one ...
The next day when they were about to start filming they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't find them in the end...
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
What I doubt is the difference between the expressions : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be qualified to the task .
What students doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to normal standard / the task .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
Summarizing , I do believe that young people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are mature enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with others .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most meaningful part of their life with journalists .
Summarizing , I really believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her feet was to wrong on this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to correct on this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to right on this moment .
Her voice , her smiling face and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
My voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
So called people of good nature are active and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of strangers not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own city .
So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own home town .
So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of other people not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
However , you will have to spend a huge amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your purposes at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning goals .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning process .
Nevertheless , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the rest room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other places in a way that was never before possible .
This tool has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to experience life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never seen before possible .
I really cra
I really scared
I really bored
I really heartbroken
I really sad
I really happy
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
If you want to see some wonderful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
If you want to see some beautiful landscape , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
If you want to see some beautiful places , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was designed by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you should go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
He is prejudice toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
She is prejudice toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He was prejudice toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He is prejudice toward Jack, Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He is prejudice toward Linda, Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He is prejudice toward Jews and Mexicans without clear reasons .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Also related to this topic is nuclear pollution .
Also related to this event is nuclear waste .
Also related to this topic is paper waste .
Also related to this topic is nuclear garbage .
Also related to this topic is nuclear pollute caused by plant .
Progress has move slow like the tides and the constant rythm of the waves have showed little changed .
Progress has move slow like the tides and the rising rythm of the waves have showed little changed .
Progress has move slow like the tides and the constant rythm of the sea waves have showed little changed .
Progress has move slow like the tides and the constant rythm of the water waves have showed little changed .
Progress has move slow like the tides and the changing rythm of the waves have showed little changed .
Progress has move slow like the tides and the invariant rythm of the waves have showed little changed .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids companions that they do n't understand anything .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my worries , except my stupids companions that they do n't understand anything .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids partners that they do n't understand anything .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids team members that they do n't understand anything .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids companions that they do n't know anything .
When I 'm singing I forget all my problems , except my stupids companions that they do n't understand anything .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her with other things on her .
Instead of doing so , people might praise her with other things on her .
Instead of doing so , people may appreciate her with other things on her .
Instead of doing so , people may criticise her with other things on her .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her with other things on her life .
Instead of doing so , people tend to praise her with other things on her .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his option of career .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of subject .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of this career .
I have yet to hear any doctor regret his choice of career .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his decision of career .
When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
When you leave there take the bus which has number 111 .
When you get there take the bus to the destination which has number 111 .
When you get there take the bus to the station which has number 111 .
When you get there take the bus to the airport which has number 111 .
When you arrive there take the bus which has number 111 .
Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
Michael was happy because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
Michael was excited because he is great composer and he decided to compete .
Michael was excited because he is great singer and he decided to compete .
Michael was excited because he is great actor and he decided to compete .
Michael was excited since he is great writer and he decided to compete .
More deaths would occur through boxing if it were banned .
More deaths would be reported through boxing if it were banned .
More deaths would occur through boxing if it were promoted .
More deaths would occur through boxing if this sport were banned .
More deaths would occur through jumping if it were banned .
More deaths would happen through boxing if it were banned .
Not so long ago , we are had competition .
Not so long ago , we are had match .
Not so long ago , we are had singing competition .
Not so long ago , we are had math competition .
Not so long ago , we are had speech competition .
Not so long ago , they are had competition .
I 'm writing you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
I 'm writing you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project of our company .
I 'm writing you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " of my store .
I 'm writing you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project of our firm .
I 'm writing you about the details of the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
I 'm writing you for the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
It was just flooding without so much effort .
It was just flooding without so much energy .
It was just flooding without making so much effort .
It was just flooding without lots of effort .
It was just flooding without so many sands .
It was just flooding without any effort .
In my opinion , it is not true .
In my mind , it is not true .
In my opinion , it is not real .
In my opinion , it is not correct .
In my opinion , it is not certain .
As far as I am concerned, it is not true .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
I can speak English and I am a cute , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
I can speak English and I am a lovely , positive and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking girl besides I have recommended paper from
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking boy besides I have recommended paper from
I can speak English and I am a elegant , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
I am glad to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
I am happy to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
I am delighted to know that you are thinking about working in the summer .
I am delighted to hear you are talking about working in the summer .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the winter .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
For instance , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
For example , there are a lot of French people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like sweet food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to cook their food .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their festival food .
Usually there will be 50 ban notes per sheet .
Usually there will be 50 ban notes per sheet of the brochure .
Usually there will be 50 ban notes per sheet of the book .
Usually there will be 50 ban notes on each sheet .
Usually there will be 50 ban notes every two sheet s .
Usually there will be 50 ban notes per sheet of the book.
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
With everyone moving at such a fast speed , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
With everyone running at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
With everyone walking at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the sound of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that are difficult to be heard .
readers are able to express their opinion freely .
readers are able to express their opinion freely on social media .
readers are able to express their ideas freely .
readers are allowed to express their opinion freely .
readers are able to express their opinion properly .
readers are able to express their opinion as they like .
When calculators came along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
When computers came along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
When smartphones came along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
When the internet came along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
When calculators came along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the most difficult calculations .
When calculators came along a drop in competence of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
It is expensive to keep journalists and camera all around the world .
It is expensive to keep journalists and camera all over the world .
It is very expensive to keep journalists and camera all around the world .
It is expensive to hire journalists and camera all around the world .
It is expensive to find journalists and camera all around the world .
It is expensive to keep journalists and camera in every corner.
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician .
I want to develop my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged reporter and academician .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged writer and academician .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged doctor and academician .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician in college.
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very helpful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good options to make our life more easily .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good choices to make our life more easily .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our job more easily .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that accessories become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Snowboarding regularly is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Snowboarding or skiing is the most suitable sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to have fun outside in winter .
Snowboarding or skiing in winter is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Half-pipe snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
For beef to be repreived or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
For mutton to be repreived or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
For beef to be repreived , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
For beef to be repreived or condemned , we are asked to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
For beef to be repreived or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , what's is important is that whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
For beef to be repreived or blamed , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Ages .
I hold the view that in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Ages .
I think in the following 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Ages .
I think in the next 50 years the technology will reach its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Ages .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that it will decline , until a new Dark Ages .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decrease , until a new Dark Ages .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting a lot of information .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of new that you didn't know before information .
That 's why while you are taking lessons you are getting a piece of information .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting information .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of new information .
What a lovely weather today !
What a lovely weather it is today !
What a nice weather today !
How a lovely the weather is today !
What a lovely weather in this place !
What a terrible weather today !
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
However , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
But , if we consider all the neccessary expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
But , if we talk about all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so as we think .
But , if we think about all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
Greater awareness brings a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the conservation given to heritage properties .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation which are given to heritage properties .
Greater awareness leads to an obviously rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
Greater consciousness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
When you dance , sing , or act you are showing something to the public , something that 's important por you .
When you dance , sing , or act you are showing something to people , something that 's important por you .
When you dance , sing , or act you are showing something to the public , which 's important por you .
When you dance , sing , or speak you are showing something to the public , something that 's important por you .
When you dance or sing you are showing something to the public , something that 's important por you .
When you dance there, sing , or act you are showing something to the public , something that 's important por you .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders are everywhere and ready give a help .
What's more , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders are everywhere and ready give a help .
Besides , it has enough modern equipment to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders are everywhere and ready give a help .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders are everywhere who are ready give a help .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders ready give a help .
Besides , it has sufficient modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders are everywhere and ready give a help .
She is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
She has the ability to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
She is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people admire her !
The designer is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
She is able to do such beautiful jewellery that plenty of people are following her !
She is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her choices!
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do arrive on time .
Every morning it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
Every evening it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very hard to do exercise .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise as you like.
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
I need that equipment near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
I need that device near me since I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
I need that device near me because I have many children and I want to know how and where they are .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to make sure how and where they are .
I need that facility near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , which is located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , situated in the Huelin neighbourhood .
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the near neighbourhood .
One of my favourite restaurants that I always expect for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always waiting for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century .
This device has sped up one of our most essential activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus changed life in the fast paced 20th century .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life style in the fast paced 20th century .
This tool has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized lifestyle in the fast paced 20th century .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
The site is the treasure of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future teenagers .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future young people .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international society to protect the site for future generations .
The site is the asset of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
I look forward to hearing from you quickly .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
I look forward to hearing from my best friend soon .
I look forward to hearing from my mother soon .
I look forward to hearing from you next week .
I stayed about one week in the home my boyfriend .
I stayed about one week in the home my uncle .
I stayed about one week in the home my cousin .
I stayed about one week in the home my friend .
I stayed about one week in the home my boyfriend last month .
I stayed about one week in the home my girlfriend .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and above .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the city , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and above .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big malls , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and above .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many products of the main great factories of Europe and above .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great companies of Europe and above .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big shopping malls , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and above .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
People are possible to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
People are allowed to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
People are able to have a completely new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks healthy cells .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks enough requirements or , a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
My favourite sport is the soccer .
My favourite sport is the basketball .
My favourite sport is the volleyball .
His favourite sport is the soccer .
Her favourite sport is the soccer .
My favourite sport is the badminton .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for foreigners that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my city : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their partner in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to ppreacite Mexican food because it is delicious !
In a word, I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .
When I began to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .
When I started to read the tracks I fell angry and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .
When I started to read the tracks I fell tressed and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't possible to finish and pass that test .
When I started to read the tracks I fell worried and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one option of languages- German .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- French .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- Japanese .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to pick up any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
Until I was 15 , I could study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
In addition , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
Additionally , as a kid , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often planned sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening parties for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
What's more, as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons to Europe must increase .
As the date approaches nearer , the awareness of Britons to Europe must increase .
As the date draws nearer , the consciousness of Britons to Europe must increase .
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons to Europe must reduce .
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons to the pact must increase .
As the date is coming , the awareness of Britons to Europe must increase .
So I know that there was someone whose name pronounce same as me .
So I know that there was a person whose name pronounce same as me .
So I know that there was a girl whose name pronounce same as me .
So I know that there was a boy whose name pronounce same as me .
So I know that there was a man whose name pronounce same as me .
So I know there was someone whose name pronounce same as me . What a surprise!
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Another benefit is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs what is beneficial for people living in whereabouts .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs what is good for people living in whereabouts .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals more jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry provides new jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the new boxers could be even more at risk .
Risky dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the new boxers could be even more at risk .
Dangerous animals who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the new boxers could be even more at risk .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proved deadly to common people , the new boxers could be even more at risk .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent adults , the new boxers could be even more at risk .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proved deadly to guiltless people , the new boxers could be even more at risk .
And there was a wonderful view .
And there was a good view .
And there was a great view .
And there was a beautiful view .
And there was a perfect view .
And there was a wonderful view from the top of the mountain .
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist regimes as well -- Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the residents of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist regimes as well -- Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the inhabitants of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist regimes as well -- Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against the communist policy as well -- Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist regimes as well -- Now , three months later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Supported by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist regimes as well -- Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Eton college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the royal opera house .
For example 3 million pounds were donated to Eton college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the royal opera house .
For example 3 million pounds were provided to Eton college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the royal opera house .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Eton college one of the richest public colleges for a gymnasium money was also given to the royal opera house .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Eton college one of the richest famous schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the royal opera house .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Eton college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the local opera house .
They both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , but it was too much for him .
They both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , but it was too heavy for him .
They both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , but it was too much for the third person .
They both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , but it was too much for them .
They both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , but it was too difficult for him .
They both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , but it was too much for him to handle .
Sometimes cars are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Sometimes taxis are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Sometimes private are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Sometimes cars are much faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Sometimes cars run faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Sometimes cars are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster on some roads .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other 's misuse of it .
However , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other 's misuse of it .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the following years , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other 's misuse of it .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the coming days , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other 's misuse of it .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the strength of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other 's misuse of it .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other 's wrong use of it .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you need in summer .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in winter .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in vacation .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in trip .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp supervisor that you require in summer .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is situated in Spain .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in a foreign country .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in another place .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located somewhere else .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in management at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the rate of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great demand for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each effective drug as it was discovered .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and categorize each new drug as it was discovered .
This sudden outbreak of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the value of a public transport .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the necessity of a public transport .
In my mind , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
In my opinion , the car is n't a must when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
In my opinion , the car isn't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that urgent moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and interaction amongst the countries within it .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the cities within it .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the shape of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the size of the place , and communication amongst the countries within it .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and negotiation amongst the countries within it .
In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the help of their tills .
In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the assistance of their tills .
In many malls , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
In many supermarkets , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
In many street shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few years earlier .
Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few decades earlier .
Those later period Romans were n't even possible to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancient people were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
The following period Romans weren't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for decades in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries de spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the bad weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as low temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the truth that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
Computers may be the future but what part will man have in this future .
Computers may be the future but what part will people have in this future .
Computers may be the future but what part will man have in this near future .
Technology may be the future but what part will man have in this future .
AI may be the future but what part will man have in this future .
Computers may be the future but what part will man have in the end .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
There are many materials and creators , as well as themes .
There are many sources and inventors , as well as themes .
There are many sources and creators , as well as subjects .
There are lots of sources and creators , as well as themes .
There are many sources and creators , as well as interesting themes .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
Currently I am working in a press as a writer .
Currently I am working in a press as an experienced editor .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor of the local newspaper .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor of the magazine .
Currently I am working in a press as a part-time editor .
Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
How long will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
Will the day come when the pound sterling is replaced by the ECU ?
Will the day come when the pound sterling is completely taken over by the ECU ?
Will the day come when the pound sterling is totally taken over by the ECU ?
Will that day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
And what are the benefits of work and study ?
And what are the advantages of work and study ?
And what are the disadvantages of work and study ?
And what are the good points of work and study ?
And what are the differences between work and study ?
And what are the benefits of work and study at home ?
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught on computer , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught online , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
There will be no need for students to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
There will be no need for people to go to school because they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
There will be no necessity for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
You can go to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
You can travel to various countries if you have time , I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
You can travel to different places if you have time , I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would prefer to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
You can travel to foreign countries if you have time , I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen village .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen village in that city .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen village in that area .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen village for many people .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen village for local people .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen countryside .
We went in car and it was about 8 hours long .
We went in train and it was about 8 hours long .
We went in car and it was around 8 hours long .
We went in plane and it was about 8 hours long .
We decided to go there in car and it was about 8 hours long .
We went in my car and it was about 8 hours long .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I dream in win lot s os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I dream in win a lot os teams in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite soccer player .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my beloved player .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite football player .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new type of love .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of feeling .
It 's not the normal love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's not the common love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new type of feeling .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall usleep at night .
That kind of love that we see in films and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall usleep at night .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the kind of love that does n't make us fall usleep at night .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall usleep at late night .
That kind of love that we find in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall usleep at night .
That kind of love that we see in romantic films and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't make us fall usleep at night .
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that day ? ''
The girl had a tool in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the room wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the white wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me without words ? ''
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am a student of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am a teacher of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am a worker of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am a cooker of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am a postgraduate student of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected above are not accidental .
After six years of hard-working high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected above are not accidental .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've made above are not accidental .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected above are not wrong .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected above are not unreasonable .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected above are not what I like .
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful day ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody cold weather ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful winter ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful Sunday ?
Who would have even bothered to send me a gift during this awful weather ?
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , since it is close to a wind power plant .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a water power plant .
We have the capacity to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
We have the opportunity to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
We have the competence to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
In this Camp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In this Camp parents are cool and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In this Camp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is located on an entire island .
In this Camp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on a safe island .
In this Camp parents are calm and do n't worry about their kids because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In this Camp parents are calm and don't care about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors earn much too money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a right price ) .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a proper price ) .
For example , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money for the work they do every day , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
But a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
But a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their consciousness of self and community .
But a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and society .
But a persons work , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
But a persons treasure , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
But a persons asset , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD part of the cows offal must be contained within the beef .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD part of the cows offal must be contained within the meat .
Though scientists say that to contract CJD part of the cows offal must be contained within the beef .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD part of the cows offal must be included within the beef .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD part of the cows offal can be contained within the beef .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD part of the cows offal must be contained within the product .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The poster of the film already offered a feeling of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me make the decision to watch this film .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this movie .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of insecurity and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the right decision to watch this film .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I am sure that I will take care of children very well .
I am sure that I will look after kids very well .
I am certain that I will look after children very well .
I am sure that he will look after children very well .
I am sure that I will look after children as carefully as I can .
our relation is not good because she is so different to me .
our relation is not good because she is so indifferent to me .
our relation is not good since she is so different to me .
our relation is not good as she is so different to me .
our relation is not good because she is so different from me .
our relation is not good because she is so strict to me .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a demand for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for equal rights , and the discovery will have been completed .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for equal treatment , and the discovery will have been completed .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the finding will have been completed .
Only when women have achieved equal status with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
I guess that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars .
I guess that in our future there are no planes , and not even cars .
I guess that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even buses .
I imagine that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars .
I suppose that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars .
I guess that in our future there are no private helicopters , and not even cars .
I have been skiing for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I have been skating for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I have been dancing for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I have been skiing for the rest of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I have been skiing for most of spare time and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I have been skiing for most of life and I am very crazy about it .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my spare time working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my free time working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers volunteering in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of chief .
Moreover , when a postgraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
My favourite sport is run .
His favourite sport is run .
My favourite sport when I was young was run .
My favourite kind of sport is run .
My favourite type of sport is run .
My favourite sport in my spare time is run .
Recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Reusing item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Recycling item can be a good measure to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Recycling item can be a good action to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Recycling item can be a good step to begin with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Recycling item can be a good way to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
The nation awaits the victim on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven connection .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no definite link .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no certain link .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no direct link .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
The physical impacts of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
The physical influences of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily found .
The physical benefits of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
The physical effects of the social media are numerous and easily seen .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skating because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun exercising because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a beautiful natural environment .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a great natural environment .
Currently I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it quickly .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to check it immediately .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to browse it immediately .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to go through it immediately .
But I had her letter in the end , so I started to read it immediately .
But , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
But , w / out the invention of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
But , w / out the advantage of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
But , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling w/ the helper in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
But , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling w/ the assistant in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
But , w / out the correct use of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
In one hand , becoming a public person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
In one side , becoming a public person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
In one hand , becoming a famous person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
In one hand , becoming a well-known person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
In one hand , being a public person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
In one hand , becoming a public person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes and other things .
Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .
Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many advantages .
Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many profits .
Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get numerous benefits .
Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get a lot of benefits .
Considering the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .
This shows how rapidly the game can change .
This shows how rapidly the rule can change .
This shows how rapidly the regulation can change .
This shows how rapidly the law can change .
This shows how rapidly the game can change in a short time .
This shows how rapidly the game can progress .
So I was there something like staff .
So I was there something un like staff .
So I was there nothing like staff .
So I was there something like the community .
So I was there something like the organization .
So I was there something like the team .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my boyfriend and we were there together .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my cousin and we were there together .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my mother and we were there together .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my father and we were there together .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there enjoying ourselves .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the well-known the people bored .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people angry .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people sad .
This is horrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
This is extremely terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the clean areas and revitalize the town .
Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and change the town .
Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the city .
Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the place .
In spite of it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
Cricket is going through rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
Cricket is going through tough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
This kind of sport is going through rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
This type of sport is going through rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
Cricket is going through difficult phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
Cricket is going through hard phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Almost everyone owns a telephone or has access to one .
Almost everyone owns a personal computer or has access to one .
Almost everyone owns an ipad or has access to one .
Almost everyone owns a car or has access to one .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has ability to buy one .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you did it again!''she screamed .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you did it again!''she cried .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you did it again!''she screamed in a loud voice .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you did it again!''she screamed angrily .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you did it again!''she screamed sadly .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you did it again!''she shouted .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
Plus , he 's willing to interact with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
Plus , he 's willing to talk with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and deal with new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he changed to the sales department two years ago .
Plus , he 's willing to negotiate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have one brother and one sister in my family .
I have one cousin and one sister .
I have one son and one daughter .
We have one brother and one sister .
I have one brother and one sister altogether.
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous bloc of time .
The twentieth century has seen more conflicts than any other previous bloc of time .
The twentieth century has seen more fights than any other previous bloc of time .
The twentieth century has seen more communications than any other previous bloc of time .
The twentieth century has seen more inventions than any other previous bloc of time .
The twentieth century has met more wars than any other previous bloc of time .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
In sum , I think that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a short time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get ready . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you would better start studying from day one if possible .
In conclusion , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of earning money without thinking of the effects .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the impacts .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the influences .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the results .
A serious problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
All of them managed to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
All of them struggled to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They began to get panicked !
All of them tried to find a good way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked immediately!
They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
They seek comfort in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
They seek solace in someone who they would feel easier with .
They find solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
They try to seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
They seek relief in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Though I have only used a part of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous chances which I have or will have .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous possibilities which I have or will have .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the numerous opportunities which I have or will have .
Though I have only used a small part of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
First of all , tourism is a way that enables people to travel all around the world .
First of all , tourism is a method that enables people to travel all around the world .
First of all , plane is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables many people to travel all around the world .
First of all , tourism is a useful tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is so .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal since their native language is so .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal because their own language is so .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is the same style .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is the similar type .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal as their native language is so .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and dificulties .
The entertainment aspect of television has given society an easy escape from its problems and dificulties .
The entertainment function of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and dificulties .
The entertainment aspect of telephone has offered society an easy escape from its problems and dificulties .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered people an easy escape from its problems and dificulties .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its concerns and dificulties .
As Ellie Weisel , author of such books as Night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
As Ellie Weisel , writer of such books as Night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
As Ellie Weisel , author of these books as Night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
As Ellie Weisel , author of such books as Night talks about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
As Ellie Weisel , author of such books as Night mentions about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
As Ellie Weisel , author of such books as Night discusses indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Jordan Romero has got 13 when he arrived at the top of Everest in May 2010 .
Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed to the top of Everest in May 2010 .
Jordan Romero has got very young when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Jordan Romero has got a kid when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Jordan Romero has got 13 when he fistly climbed Everest in May 2010 .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
People working in this company are very friendly and helpful .
People there are very friendly and accommodating .
Teachers and students there are very friendly and helpful .
People there are very friendly to new friends and helpful .
People there are very friendly and helpful to tourists.
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations and annoyance on their lives .
Viewed in this light , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
In this respect , many people tend to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
In this respect , many people prefer to go places of outstanding natural beauty with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural spots with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores in the heart of the city .
After that , we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
Then we went to the Turin Book Fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
Then we went to a book fair and made a visit to some bookstores downtown .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown the area .
When visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
When visit different scenic spots , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
When visit different places , you get to learn more about different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
When visit different places , you get to see different environments , customs , people and even different languages .
When make a vsit to visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
When pay a visit to different places, you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
But it is not going to happen .
But it is not going to happen overnight .
Yes , we can , but it is not going to happen .
I'm not sure when it is going to happen .
We have to admit that it is not going to happen .
But it is not going to happen at any time .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bean soup , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bean soup , however I do agree that somthing should be carried out about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bean soup , however I do agree that somthing should be done to control the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat roast beef stick , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bean soup , however I do approve that somthing should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bean soup , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the total number of traffic that is on our roads today .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
Very pleased to be able to receive your invitation about having further instrument training in Germany .
Very pleased to be able to receive your gifts , they are very much like it .
Very glad to be able to receive your salary payment .
As sellers with very good customer service , we are very pleased to be able to receive your full payment .
Very pleased to be able to receive your payment in such a short time .
Most large cities have managed to incourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major conjestion in Rush hour periods .
Most large bigalopolis have managed to incourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major conjestion in Rush hour periods .
Most large cities have managed to incourage people to use public transport to commute thus decreasing major conjestion in Rush hour periods .
Most large cities have managed to incourage commuters to use public transport thus alleviating major conjestion in Rush hour periods .
Most large cities have managed to incourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major conjestion in Rush hour periods like 7 to 9 am .
Most megapolis has managed to incourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major conjestion in Rush hour periods .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam or interview you may face in your life .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may be confronted with in your life .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time in advance before any exam you may face in your life .
In my personal experience , I firmly believe that it 's much better and more helpful to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
In my own experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
The reason behind what I did this is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
The reason behind my action is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
The consideration behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
The reason behind my choice is temperature , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
The real reason behind my choice is space , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
He had butterflies in his stomach.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Yes , I am ok , ' Winnie replied .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Yes , I will be fine , ' Winnie replied .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Yes , I will be ok , ' Winnie replied .
I had spiders in my stomach.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
He managed to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
He tried to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
He decided to complete the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit sad , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
He decided to finish the second part without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
In addition , the site was purpose fully built to provide places fit for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places suitable for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young generation allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people allowing them to do lots of things in safety .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for senior people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in his next fight .
All professional players are at risk from being killed in his next fight .
All professional boxers are at risk from being attacked in his next fight .
All professional boxers are at risk from being injured in his next fight .
All professional boxers are in danger from being killed in his next fight .
All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in his next fight with opponent .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops near to your home .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops next to your home .
When you have to pay the water and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops near to your home .
When you have to pay the telephone and gas bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops near to your home .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any grocery shops near to your home .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco or barbecue shops near to your home .
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
On one hand , it 's correct that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
On one side , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
On other hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
On one hand , it 's common that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
On one hand , there is no gainsaying that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
I felt that these people were crazy .
I felt that these people were foolish .
I felt that these people were friendly .
I felt that these students were crazy .
I felt that these followers were crazy .
I felt that these people were crazy to try to make money from manufacturing .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to process waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to deal with waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort rubbish , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than the previous year .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year when there is no business cooperation .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
It 's a kind of love that hurts ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
It 's a kind of love that suffers ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us xplore into a sort of imaginary tale .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a kind of imaginary tale .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale and dreamland .
Thank you for you e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
Thank you for you e - mail , it was great to hear from you .
Thank you for you e - mail , it was nice to hear from you .
Thank you for you e - mail , it was happy to hear from you .
Thank you for you e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you quickly .
Thank you for you e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you that good news .
Something that made me happy was to see my family .
Something that made me happy was to see my grandfather .
Something that made me happy was to see my grandmother .
Something that made me excited was to see my family .
Something that made me expect was to see my family .
Something that made me hopeful was to see my family .
they are very casual with the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
they are very casual with the environment and the value of cleanliness .
they are very casual with the building and the importance of cleanliness .
they are very casual with the living environment and the importance of cleanliness .
they are very casual with the surroundings and the importance of cleanliness .
they are very casual with the atmosphere and the importance of cleanliness .
Travelling through car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
Travelling through car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of people can not afford it .
Travelling through car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of normal people can not afford it .
Travelling through car is a cheap mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
Travelling through car is a popular mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
Travelling through car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of tourists can not afford it .
I hope you will do something for that problem .
I hope you will do something for that issue .
I hope you will do something for that event .
I hope you can do something for that problem .
I hope you are able to do something for that problem .
I hope you will do something useful for that problem .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
DOING EXCERCISE IS BENEFICIAL FOR YOURE HEALTH
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE CONDITION
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE BODY
DOING EXCERCISE IS GREAT FOR YOURE HEALTH
DOING EXCERCISE IS REALLY GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
There have been a number of examples in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
There have been a number of cases in the last few years of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their fields .
There have been a number of times in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
There have been a large number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .
For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your horizon .
For all of these reasons I think travelling really enriches your mind .
For all of these reasons I think travelling to different places really broadens your mind .
For all of these reasons I think travelling indeed broadens your mind .
For all of these reasons I think travelling really enrich your life experience .
Have you ever think about playing football ?
Have you ever think about playing volleyball ?
Have you ever think about playing tennis ?
Have you ever think about playing football with me ?
Have you ever think about playing football with Jack ?
Have you ever think about playing football with your father ?
It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
It is his town and it is his responsibility too to save town 's history .
It is his town and it is his duty too to renew town 's history .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's culture .
It is his city and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
It is his town and it is his duty too to record town 's history .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your duty .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your business .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your focus .
whereas in a public transport ation tools , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it isn't your responsibility at all .
In the next morning I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
In the next day I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
In the next morning I ate a piece of cake and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
In the next morning I ate a piece of steak and the group was discussing about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
In the next morning I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and b eat us .
In the next morning I ate a piece of beef and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education quality of children .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education environment of children .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of kids .
The most important thing in the environment care is the security of children .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of next generation .
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be difficult time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
firstly . i agree with given expression that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be hard time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts secrets as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts personal room as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
The powerful of the federalism which has more freedom for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the countries to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own laws according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own regulations according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some contradictions between the states .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
In other words , public transport plays an essential role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of strange diseases and saving life .
In other words , public transport plays a vital role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of infectious diseases and saving life .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from pain of diseases and saving life .
And he has to put stop to this without hurting anybody .
And he has to put stop to this without hurting others .
And he has to put stop to this without hurting his friends .
And he has to put stop to this without hurting his children .
And he has to put stop to this without losing money .
And he has to put stop to this without hurting anybody else.
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than walking .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than electric cars .
E.g. , it offers more flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .
E.g. , it offers less freedom than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than electric bicycles .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the list continues .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost b eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the list continues .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost lost , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the list continues .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost gone , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the list continues .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost lost control , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the list continues .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he hugs Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the list continues .
It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
It 's really great for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail last week .
It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail today .
It 's really happy for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail at the proper time .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply enjoy my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my career .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply hate my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love what I am doing .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my role .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the crowd , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to escape from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the difficulties they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than face them and try to understand them .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them correctly .
They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
They encourage organisational abilities and tidiness .
They encourage cooperation skills and tidiness .
They promote organisational skills and tidiness .
They encourage organisational capacities and tidiness .
They encourage organisational skills and competence .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important to communicate .
I consider I am a suitable person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important to communicate .
I consider I am the perfect person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important to communicate .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and beautiful English which is very important to communicate .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very essential to communicate .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which matters to communicate .
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we talk about the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
Let us have a look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of rights in more detail .
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the matter of sovereignty in more detail .
Let us look at the basis of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on other people .
A car allows us to move faster and not to rely on others .
A train allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on someone else .
A car enables us to move faster and not to depend on others .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
My sister and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
My brother and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable hairstyle . I prefer all .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , chic clothes . I prefer all .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all interesting.
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
Hopefully , with constant efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian aims .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and garbage to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , furniture , and other humanitarian goals .
Luckily , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
Last holiday I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
Last summer I went on vacation in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my close friends .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family members .
Last summer I went on winter holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
Near the match , I was very nervous .
Near the race , I was very stressful .
Near the race , I was very careful .
Near the day , I was very nervous .
Near the running race , I was very nervous .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to find new places and cultures .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover novel places and cultures .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover interesting places and cultures .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and hobbies .
Talking about my hobbies , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with much lower running costs .
There was also some controversy over the awards of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not regarded as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other corporations or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which finally went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably contributed to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the security of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be abandoned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be prevented or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably caused a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of strangers or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of spending time in a long queue .
The way of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
The possibility of travelling in their private cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of old people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
there are few reasons whcih show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
there are few reasons whcih show you why it is important to learn a second language today .
there are few reasons whcih show you why it is vital to learn a foreign language today .
there are few reasons whcih tell you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
there are few reasons whcih show you why it is essential to learn a foreign language today .
there are few reasons whcih show you there is a necessity to learn a foreign language today .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people know more of other cultures and people .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other countries and people .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and local people .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young adults more aware of other cultures and people .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more conscious of other cultures and people .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the period in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the time in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the long history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and rich culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it by yourself .
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide .
The question is , which kind of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide .
The question is , which sort of people have more influence on the world , and , finally , who will decide .
The question is , which sort of people have more effect on the world , and , finally , who will decide .
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will make a decision .
The urgent question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
What about the environment and the quality of life in modern cities ?
What about the environment and the quality of life in giant cities ?
What about the environment and the quality of life in your hometown ?
What about the cost and the quality of life in the cities ?
What about the air quality and the quality of life in the cities ?
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe !
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke because teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe !
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in some areas of Nigeria are not safe !
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in some places of Nigeria are not safe !
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not suitable !
Also , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and instructors go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe !
Finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
Finally , finding a qualified teacher is is also critical .
Finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
Finally , finding a good teacher is is also important .
Finally , finding a good guide is is also critical .
Finally , finding a good coach is is also critical .
As History progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
As History progressed , spits and barbeques emerged quickly .
As History went on , spits and barbeques emerged .
As History progressed , spits and barbeques became popular .
As History progressed , spits and barbeques became acceptable .
As History progressed , spits and barbeques occured .
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal criticise each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment rate in some states
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some countries
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some cities
also the absolute control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
Though there are many benefits for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not indicate that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best option for every situation .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every case .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every trip .
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid little .
What about people who work day and night yet they seem to be paid miserably .
What about workers who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
What about employees who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
What about people who work extremely hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's horizons of the entire world .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the whole world .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also expanded people 's perceptions of the entire world .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also deepened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the outside world .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a bar and and I drank a refreshment .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a small cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a music bar and and I drank a refreshment .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a quiet cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and I drank a refreshment happily.
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
The narrator does not make an y effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other figures , he focuses on their appearance .
The writer does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their clothes .
The narrator does not make any useful effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Throughout the book we begin to see how Candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Throughout the story we begin to see how Candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Throughout the book we start to see how Candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Throughout the book we begin to see how Candide is finally lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Throughout the book we begin to see how Candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is displayed to be the philosophy of despair .
Throughout the book we begin to see how Candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of depression .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
Then a brainstorm about food and places to visit began .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to travel began .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit started .
Then a discussion about meals and places to visit began .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began before the class .
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
Firstly , Spain is a great place for vacations in summer .
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in winter .
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in sutum .
Firstly , Spain is a great place for travelling in summer .
Firstly , Spain is an ideal place for holidays in summer .
It is cheaper to buy it .
It is less expensive to buy it .
It is cheaper to purchase it .
They are cheaper to buy them .
It is cheaper so you can buy it .
It is cheaper to buy it rather than rent it .
That 's a joke , you must sleep .
That 's just for fun , you must sleep .
That 's a joke , you have to sleep .
That 's a joke , you must go to the bed .
That 's a joke , you must right now .
That 's a joke , you must pretend to sleep .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
In my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
When I am free , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
During my leisure time , I perfer to help my parents in the kitchen .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents with the housework .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents walk the dog .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This , unluckily , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This , unfortunately , signifies that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its user , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who just needs to know which buttons to press .
This , unfortunately , means that the gifted scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
I seemed like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting near the cloakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for getting the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , however, only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety companion got them .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy a plane ticket to Paris for myself and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
She told me that when I was on vacation I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket immediately to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
She phoned me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she wanted to tell me a secret .
The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the man who has a serious mental illness 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , tell ing the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the merciless thing that he had done .
The whole story except the end of the friction he admitted the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
In fact , we can see a lot of people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
In fact , we can see many people running and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before work ing or even after .
In fact , what we can see is that many people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days no matter it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions for their future .
For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad resolutions for their future .
For instance , in life conditions people can make bad decisions for their future .
For instance , when people are in stressful life , they can make bad decisions for their future .
For instance , in stressful life conditions people tend to make bad decisions for their future .
For instance , in unsafe life conditions people can make bad decisions for their future .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam for years , I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , So I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland because I want to rejoin our family .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in which is near Zaadam to rejoin our family .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our team members .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasant smell .
Especially spring is a lot of flowers and pleasant odors .
Especially spring is a lot of green leaves and pleasant odors .
Especially spring is a lot of plants and pleasant odors .
Particularly spring is a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
To sum it up I still think having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is much more safe and convinient .
To sum it up I still believe having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is way more comfortable and convinient .
To sum it up I consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient than taking a bus.
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
I look forward to hearing from you quickly .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
I look forward to hearing from you pretty quickly .
I look forward to getting your reply .
But even such menial tasks as filing are good for us .
But even such menial tasks as filing are good for workers .
But even such repetitive tasks as filing are good for us .
But even such menial jobs as filing are good for us .
But even such menial missions as filing are good for us .
But even such menial tasks as filing are beneficial to us .
For now one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
For now one thing is clear as day - the one he falls love with is Malika , not Angelina .
For now one thing is known as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
For now one thing is clear as day - the girl he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
But even such menial tasks as filing are good for them .
For now one thing is clear as day - he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
He has no idea how he ended up that night .
He has no idea how he ended up in hospital .
He has no idea how he ended up in the dock .
He has no idea how he ended up on the garage roof .
He didn't know how he ended up there .
What I love most about this sport is , the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
What I love most about this sport is , the pace and the unconditional team spirit .
What I love most about this sport is , the speed and the unconditional group spirit .
What I love most about this sport is , the fast speed and the unconditional team spirit .
What I appreciate most about this sport is , the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
What I really love about this sport is , the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
It makes people forget all about their concerns and concentrate on the things that really matter .
It makes people forget all about their worries and concentrate on the things that really matter .
It makes people forget all about their problems and focus on the things that really matter .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the elements that really matter .
It makes people focus on the things that really matter .
Personally for me , I like books very much .when I at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
Personally for me , I like books very much .when I at home I use books because I love to smell and to touch the paper of books .
Personally for me , I like books very much .when I at home I use them because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
Personally for me , I like books very much .when I at home I use books because I prefer to smell and to touch the paper of books .
Personally for me , I like books very much .when I at home I use books because I like to look at and to touch the paper of books .
Personally for me , I really like bookswhen -> . When] I at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books again and again .
In this case , the families played important roles in daily lives .
In this situation , the families played important roles in daily lives .
In this case , the families played important roles in everyday lives .
In this case , the families played important roles in common lives .
In this case , the families played important roles in normal lives .
In this case , the families played important roles in whole lives .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Another disadvantage is the cold weather .
Another disadvantage is the bad weather .
One disadvantage is the weather .
Another benefit is the weather .
Another disadvantage is the lack of money .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to reacive some punches .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be prepared to reacive some punches .
One thing you must keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to reacive some punches .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play basketball is that you have to be ready to reacive some punches .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play tennis is that you have to be ready to reacive some punches .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be well prepared to reacive some punches .
We had a great time .
We had a great time tonight .
We had a great yesterday .
We had a great time last Friday .
We had a good time .
We had a great time with each other .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological products .
In my mind , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and recyclable things .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and biodegradable things .
In my community , we show an immense interest at environment and ecological things .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
You can find work as a server or in a shop .
You can find work as a waiter or in a supermarket .
You can find work as a waiter or in a mall .
You can find work as an accountant or in a shop .
You can find work as a waiter in a restaurant or in a shop .
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
No one would dispute that this is a complicated question .
No one would dispute that this is a unnormal question .
No one would argue that this is a difficult question .
No one would agree that this is a difficult question .
No one would don't agree that this is a difficult question .
It is small but comfortable and famous for his big burguers .
It is small but cosy and famous for his big burguers .
It is small but comfortable and warm for his big burguers .
It is small but comfortable and famous for his big walls .
It is not big but comfortable and famous for his big burguers .
It is small but cozy and famous for his big burguers .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams ..
The road condition is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams ..
The road network is no longer cap able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams ..
The road network is no longer able to deal with this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams ..
The road network is no longer able to carry this heavy traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams ..
The road network is no longer able to sustain this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams ..
Actually everybody can be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
Actually all people can be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
Actually everybody can be stressed because they gave time and effort for it .
Actually everybody can be angry because they gave time and effort for it .
Actually everybody can be worried as they gave time and effort for it .
Actually everybody can be anxious because they gave time and effort for it .
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character
For me , Bart is more interesting than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the most suitable character
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best choice
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best person
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best main character
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
I really like to explore nature during winter too .
I really like to explore nature during summer holiday too .
I really like to explore nature during winter vacation too .
I really like to explore natural world during summer too .
I really like to explore the outside world during summer too .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few job because the economy is very bad .
On the other side , in my country there are a few job because the economy is very bad .
On the other hand , in my city there are a few job because the economy is very bad .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few job because the economic situation is very bad .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few job because the financial status is very bad .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few job because the economy is not good .
Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Using public transport is a time waste and no private room are some of the disadvantages .
Using public transport is a time waste and no private area are some of the disadvantages .
Using public transport is a time waste and no guarantee of speed are some of the disadvantages .
Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy are some of the drawbacks .
Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy are some of the disadvantages brought by it.
You are very happy und sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
You are very happy und sometimes I sing a song and the world is friendly .
You are very happy und sometimes I sing a song and the world is great .
You are very patient und sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
You are very happy und sometimes I sing a song and the world is nice .
You are very happy und sometimes I sing a song and the world becomes better .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Many people had tried to escape .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their hometown in search of a new life -- Many people had tried to escape .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a different life -- Many people had tried to escape .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Many people had managed to escape .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Many people had tried to run .
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the wish that their efforts were not in vain -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Many people had tried to escape .
But choosing the second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
But choosing the second education is very important measure , which need serious attitude .
But choosing the second education is very important action , which need serious attitude .
But choosing the second education is very important step , which need certain attitude .
But accepting the second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
But choosing the second education is very significant step , which need serious attitude .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Salou .
I 'm writing to tell you the most suitable way to arrive at Salou .
I 'm writing to inform you the best way to arrive at Salou .
I 'm writing to tell you the cheapest way to arrive at Salou .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at destination .
I 'm writing to tell you the most time-saving way to arrive at Salou .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work hardly in order to pay my fee .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to cover my fee .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at school at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm finishing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm completing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
We can not ignore the fact that corporations which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
People can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
They can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
We can not ignore the reality that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
We can not neglect the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the French one .
At the end , the taxi are present and they go through all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all over the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and useful than the English one .
At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all streets of the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
I knew that they never talk bad about me .
I realized that they never talk bad about me .
What I knew is that they never talk bad about me .
I knew that they never talk bad about others .
In fact, I knew that they never talk bad about me .
I knew that they never talk bad about their friends .
In the last few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
In the past few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
In the last few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time which is required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
In the last few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what made me most shocked is how fast this change happens .
In the last few years forensic biology has developed many respects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
In the last few years forensic biology has progressed in many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
When I arrived my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
When I reached the place my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
When I arrived I saw my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
When I arrived my father was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
When I arrived my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big happily .
When I arrived my uncle was waiting for me in the car and I gave him a big hug .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
Nevertheless , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
However , I am sure the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays an essential role in educating both adults and young children .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital part in educating both adults and young children .
However , I believe the educational programmes on screen still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
Throughout History one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and differents perspectives .
Throughout History one can see that great exposure in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and differents perspectives .
Throughout History one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and differents viewpoints .
According to History one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and differents perspectives .
Throughout History one can see that great revelations in all areas are from breaks in tradition , new insights , and differents perspectives .
Throughout History one can see that great revelations in all fields come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and differents perspectives .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
In a word , I want to say that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should follow the step of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep abreast of new technologies to make our lives easier
In conclusion , What want to say is that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
To sum up, I want to say that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
are absolutely ringed with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
are absolutely riddled with mistakes simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are still many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
are absolutely riddled with errors because there are many things people do n't know or can't predict at present .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't foresee .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
Computers now prevail over in government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , the same as many other areas of human life .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other aspectss of human life .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human daily life .
Computers now control the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
Tacontento was the place we choose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
Tibet was the place we choose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
Beijing was the place we choose and we really enjoyed Beijing duck , accompanied by delicious sauce .
Tacontento was the place we choose to take our vacation and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
Tacontento was the place we choose and we really liked alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
Tacontento was the place we choose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold pancakes .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
If you want to see that movie , you had better watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before in order to understanding it .
If you plan to see that movie, you need to watch the first 3 movies before understanding it .
If you want to see that movie , you won't understand it before watch the first 3 movies .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to fully understand it .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
Though homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' ideas , " a paved road " , it
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these people ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' thoughts , " a paved road " , it
Although homeschooling may seem , according to these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it has many advantages.
I would say that most probably private care are not " sustainables " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
I would say that most probably private care are not " sustainables " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some type of public transport .
I would say that most probably private care are not " sustainables " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport ation tools .
I would say that most probably personal care are not " sustainables " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
I would say that most probably private care are not " sustainables " in the long period of time , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
I would say that most probably care are not " sustainables " in the long term , and it will be necessary to change to some sort of public transport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the lake .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really want do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I prefer to go to swim in the swimming pool .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the clean pool .
In fact , I do not like doing some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Global warming in general gives rise to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Global warming in general leads to many natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as earthquake , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , electricity stress and loss of harvests .
Global warming in general causes more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Even if a boxer is a success and tries not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious results in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in the following life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday activities .
Even though a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a private transport .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a personal transport .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport to travel .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport to go to school .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a private cars .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
Moreover , I went to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few days every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every winter since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every holiday since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
In addition , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
A single market demands one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
A single market needs one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
A single market requires one central organization to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of products and policies .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and rules .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
So , unless we wish to impose on the everyday lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
So , unless we wish to impose on the private lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work every day , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not think they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
Therefore , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my room .
I felt so excited when I looked at the money on the desk of my room .
I felt so excited when I looked at the letter on the desk of my room .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my living room .
I felt so nervous when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my room .
I felt so excited when I saw the envelope on the desk of my room .
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a second language ?
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more and people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good phenomenon that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language by spending so much money ?
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is beneficial that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the lake or in pool .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in swimming pool .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying playing with water , both in the sea or in pool .
If you are not a qualified swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
If you are a good swimmer , you will gain the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
Although we have many other power source options , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this harmful invention .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this bad invention .
Although we have many other power source choices , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
Even though we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
Together we could spend time in pleasant atmosphere .
Together we could spend most of our time in pleasant atmosphere .
Together we could spend our valuable time in pleasant atmosphere .
Together we could spend a lot of time in pleasant atmosphere .
Together we could spend time in pleasant living atmosphere .
Together we could kill time in pleasant atmosphere .
Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
Some people even blame them for they occupy the empty seats instead of offer the seat .
Some young people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
Many people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
A lot of people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats rather than offer the seat .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new thing about past .
I think historical channels are very funny , because you can learn new thing about past .
I think historical programmes are very interesting , because you can learn new thing about past .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn interesting thing about past .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new thing about history .
I think historical channels are very profound , because you can learn new thing about past .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
People collect any kind of garbage and throws all together in black sack .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in rubbish sack .
People pick up any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
People gather any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack to implement trash classification .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I went to Las Hurdes alone .
I went to Las Hurdes last vacation .
I went to Las Hurdes last winter .
I went to Las Hurdes last summer .
I went to Las Hurdes with my family .
In practice there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
In practice there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command from people .
In practice there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a remote command .
In practice there will be no usual furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
In future there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
Actually there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
If you will begin to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has a professional coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a team of your age .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a gym that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced and professional coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Because public transportation tool is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Because public transport is a cost effective and more efficient resource allocation in mass transport system .
Because public transport is a cost effective and high-level resource allocation in mass transport system .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in public transport system .
Because public transport is a cost effective and more reasonable resource allocation in mass transport system .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
Travelling by personal car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
Travelling by private car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
Travelling by car is n't so much more comfortable unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
Travelling by car is n't so much more affordable unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
Travelling to the village by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but gives rise to a constant flow of disasters .
The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of natural disasters .
The firm belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
The constant belief that good can deprive from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
The continual belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
It is just something important that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
It is just something necessary that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
It is just what I had to do , not you , not her , me .
It is just something that I had to do , not they , not her , me .
It is just something that I am required to do , not you , not her , me .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment .
In fact , along with agreeable and good comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of positive and even racist comment .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also a small number of aggressive and even racist comment .
In fact , along with friendly and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment on the website .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them every day .
She did not feel bad about it as she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels being loved by them .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them from her inner heart .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them deeply .
I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty certain that it like it and later they can stop swim .
I would advise to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn from a professional coach , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn by practicing , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am quite sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
I was taken aback , so I called my sister , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was hanging out with her boyfriends .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was walking around with her boyfriends .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her best friend .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boy friends in his living room.
I took every free minute to drive snowboard .
I took every minute to drive snowboard .
I spent every free minute to drive snowboard .
I spent every my time to drive snowboard .
I took every free day to drive snowboard .
I took every free minute in my life to drive snowboard .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It does not mean you will never get one .
It does not mean you will never receive one .
It does not mean you will never get a great one one .
It does not mean you will never find a suitable one .
It does not mean you will never find one you like.
These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .
These hairy four - legged animals are also very muscular .
These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective compared with human being .
These flocky four - legged animals are also very protective .
These hairy four - legged beasties are also very protective .
These hairy four - legged animals are also very valuable .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
However , the government and the local committees of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this revolution because they consider it a way of development .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they regard it as a way of development .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to gear up this movement because they consider it a way of development .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to advertise this movement because they consider it a way of development .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad at first , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and nursing zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in pabulum and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
Even if factors will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
Even if companies will hire professional engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
It also means I can choose the interest that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
It also means I can choose the location that most relaxes me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
It also predicates I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully immerse myself in doing it .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent completing it .
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
At first , when I started to learn ing play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
At beginning , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit awkward , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they decided to play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and currently , I love playing football with them .
Homeschooling should not be considered a wold - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
Homeschooling should not be regarded as a wold - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
Homeschooling should not be considered a wold - wide phenomenon since only a few countries do like that : the UK ,
Homeschooling should not be considered a wold - wide phenomenon since there are only a few countries : the UK ,
Homeschooling should not be considered a wold - wide or comprehensive phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
Homeschooling should not be seen as a wold - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
Normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a succesful pregnancy .
Most of the time more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a succesful pregnancy .
Normally more than 1 ovum is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a succesful pregnancy .
Normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be kept in reserve and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a succesful pregnancy .
Normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of fertilization and a succesful pregnancy .
Normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the rate of a succesful pregnancy .
People go , people come .
People go in different directions , people come .
Outside the city people want to in go , people come .
People go , people want to out in the city come .
People go , people come . But it's comforting to know , the ones we love are always in our hearts
People go , people come without any signs .
The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
The rich people will buy a car for daily travel but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi to commute .
The rich people afford to buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
The rich people will buy a car but the pauper always need to use a bus or taxi .
The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi in their life.
Could you ask your parents ' permission ?
Could you ask your parents ' permission to leave the yard ?
Could you ask your drillmasters ' permission ?
Could you ask your parents ' permission before you come out ?
Could you ask your parents ' permission to go over to someone’s home ?
Could you ask your parents ' permission directly ?
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the winter camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , due to my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and discuss .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my qualified manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak fluently.
The recent developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
The recent improvements in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
The latest developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
The recent developments in computer technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
The recent developments in modern technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
The rapid developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple sentences .
This kind of expression is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple sentences .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple phrase .
This type of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple sentences .
This kind of writing is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple sentences .
This kind of structure is widely adopted by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple sentences .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without social media ?
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without reporters ?
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without strange news ?
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without a story ?
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without scandals ?
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct power in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all countries , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
Rebellion is regarded not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a connecting force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
Rebellion is seen not as a unique force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of right .
A fully connected market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to damage of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political image and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
A fully combined market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is situated overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Lima is the only South American area which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Lima is the only South American place which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean in a short distance.
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
After we have this wonderful city we have to maintain her .
After we have this comfortable city we have to maintain her .
After we have this beautiful place we have to maintain her .
After we have this beautiful city we need to maintain her .
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her in a good condition.
This is my favourite sport .
It is my favourite sport .
This is my favourite food .
This is my favourite entertainment .
This is my favourite program .
This is my favourite sport program.
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or correct sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or long sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is put before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written after the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the common rule ?
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not occur when he was a kid .
It is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the truth that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that computer did not exist when he was a kid .
This is prominent when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and taught to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and aught to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will lead to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short time .
What we belief and how we percieve the world as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
I am also very good at interacting with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
I am also very good at communicating with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
I am also very good at dealing with customers , I have never had a complaint sheet !
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never received a complaint sheet !
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never pursued a complaint sheet !
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
I ca n't live my lifetime without friends .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without computers .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without digital device .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without mobile phones .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without you guys .
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .
Just like the madman 's action plan was happening right in front us .
Just like the madman 's original plan was happening right in front us .
Just like the police 's plan was happening right in front us .
Just like the boy 's plan was happening right in front us .
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us , everything went well .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational meaning .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational purpose .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value to learn .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value for kids .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value , maybe just for fun .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I visited Lugo last winter and I enjoyed myself very much .
I visited Lugo last holiday and I enjoyed myself very much .
I visited Paris last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I visited Lugo last vacation and I enjoyed myself very much .
I visited Lugo last summer and winter and I enjoyed myself very much .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
My personality is cheerful , positive and hardworking .
My personality is cheerful , etermined and hardworking .
My personality is cheerful , patient and hardworking .
My personality is cheerful , outgoing and hardworking .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking . I like to read books .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me information of accommodation that you offer in this course .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of help that you offer in this course .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this lesson .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this term .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course , which would help me a lot .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
He is the youngest son of the Simpson family .
He is the eldest kid of the Simpson family .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family at present .
He is the most outstanding son of the Simpson family .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family and thus heir to the title .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right equipments first to work on it .
As the saying goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
As the proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to equip the right tools first to work on it .
As the proverb goes : If you want to know something well , you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
As the famous proverb goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Moreover , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
Moreover , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the wage gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
Moreover , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other places .
Moreover , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is much bigger than in other countries .
Moreover , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is a little bigger than in other countries .
Moreover , in the first three countries doctors‘ salary is about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatos .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the invention of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatos .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer era , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatos .
Many people think nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatos .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the development of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatos .
Many people conclude nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatos .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we 're the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
I finally knew that everything was a trap and we 're the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we 're the unlucky and foolish ones as we fell into the trap .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we 're the unfortunate and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we 're the unlucky and innocent people as we fell into the trap .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we 're the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap unconsciously.
Every time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something ensued .
Every time when the sound of heartbeats began arousing , something ensued .
Every time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something continued .
Every time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something bad ensued .
Every time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something terrible continued .
Every time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something unexpected ensued .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the level of education .
My school has a good reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
My school has a unique reputation for their environment and the quality of education .
My school has a unique reputation for their atmosphere and the quality of education .
My school has a unique reputation for their kindness and the quality of education .
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
When and where do you choose ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I advise we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your place , so you do n't have to move to another place .
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another office .
When and where do you prefer tonight? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
The idea behind the radio is simple .
The idea behind the radio is difficult .
The idea behind the radio is complicated .
The principle behind the radio is simple .
The guiding principle behind the radio is simple .
The idea behind the radio is not complicated .
In following day , she said sorry and them was happy again .
In next day , she said sorry and them was happy again .
In following day , she said sorry and them was glad again .
In following day , she apologized and them was happy again .
In following day , she said sorry and them was satisfied again .
In following day , she said sorry and them was back together again .
At the same time other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
At the same time other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being an important part of the movement .
At the same time other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually neglected during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
At the same time other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually overlooked during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
At the same time other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their hole life and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
At the same time other famous feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
i think that it all depands from the development .
i think that it all depands from the progress .
i think that it all depands from the technological development .
i think that it all depands from the economic development .
i think that it all depands from the situation .
i think that it all depands from the constant development .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
Whatever you think , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast meat and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
Whatever you believe , I will continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to like my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
Whatever you believe , I shall cease to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
Voltaire went beyond the comfort zone when he mentioned sex .
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sexual topic .
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he talked about sex .
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he discussed sex .
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex violence .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
Many other sports are more harmful than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
Many other kinds of sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
Many other sports are rather more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
Many other sports are more beneficial than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are unavoided .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you here .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you right here .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you at my home .
Anyway , you have to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre of the shopping mall. I 'll wait for you there .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and better service .
She also informed me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .
She also told me that a good Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with much lower prices and good service .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and a good environment .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly improved people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lifestyles is the invention of the airplane .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the train .
An invention of the 20th century which I believe has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
A useful invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He wanted to break up with her at that moment .
He wanted to get along with her at that party .
He wanted to get in touch with her at that party .
He wanted to break up with that beautiful girl at that party .
He wanted to end the relationship with her at that party .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved significantly the establishment of international trade .
The frequency that which other countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to talk and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the growth of international trade .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the quality of international trade .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not able to stop .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to end .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop quickly .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop immediately .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop at the momment.
In the other hand many of stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
In the other hand a lot of of stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
In the other hand many of stars sold their confidence to earn more and more money .
In the other hand many of stars sold their privacy to their fans to earn more and more money .
In the other hand many of stars sold their privacy in order to earn more and more money .
In the other hand many of stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money as they can .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of situations .
Besides, sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Also workplace bullying is involved in a lot of suits .
The result shows that sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of normal suits .
I have many favorite sports .
She has many favorite sports .
I have lots of favorite sports .
I can do many sports .
I have many favorite books .
I have a variety of favorite sports .
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
Communication is the most important thing when you 're going to make friends .
Communication is the most important point when you make friends .
Keeping in contact is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
Communication is the most essential point when you 're going to make friends .
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends with others.
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
When I was a kid , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
When I was young , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends in school and they were very important for me .
In my childhood , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
When I was a child , I had a lot of interesting friends and they were very important for me .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order for reviving the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have an opportunity to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
Also holidays are very meaningful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
In addition holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the city where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can relax in their free time or even do sports .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do some excercises .
What's more, the local government is taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even engage in sports .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
However , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Nevertheless , the person who tells the story is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions connects the story with the reader .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly main character and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Nevertheless , the author should realize that the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Furthermore , books develops imagination of reader .
What's more , books develops imagination of reader .
Furthermore , the description in books develops imagination of reader .
Furthermore , books develops view of reader .
Furthermore , books develops writing skills of reader .
Furthermore , books develops imagination of reader and allow them to enter the world described in books.
We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .
We like watching TV programs and cooking several desserts too .
We like watching TV series and cooking several dishes too .
We enjoy watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .
We like watching TV series and shows about cooking several desserts too .
We like to watch TV series and to cook several desserts too .
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
The days get longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
The daytime becomes longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
The days are getting longer and the nights are getting shorter and lighter .
The days become longer , while the nights get shorter and lighter .
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter in summer.
After thirty minutes , we had tea .
Thirty later minutes , we had tea .
After half an hour , we had tea .
After thirty minutes , we enjoyed tea .
After thirty minutes , we drank tea .
After thirty minutes , they had tea .
One of Max 's friend brought water from the river to give to the deer .
One of Max 's friend brought water from the river to the deer .
One of Max 's friend promptly brought water from the river to give to the deer .
One of Max 's friend fed water to the deer from the river .
One of Max 's friend brought water from the river to help the deer .
One of Max 's friend brought water from the lake to give to the deer .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
Researchers believe that consuming beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the viscera disease to humans .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the deadly disease to humans .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will infect the fatal disease to humans .
Researchers think that eating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
In addition , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposite to what the characters said .
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the figures said .
What's more , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
It has been proven that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly identical s route !
It has been by facts that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
It has been shown that different firms charge different fares for exactly the same route !
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for the same route !
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the smartest of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest daughter .
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a panther is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the clever of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
The first daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
Whether the computer is taking over from the human brain or not , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has definitely made the human body all but redundant .
Whether or not the computer has replaced the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but unnecessary .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it hasmade the human body all but redundant .
The vandalisme in patras has increased a lot .
Recently, the vandalisme in patras has increased a lot .
The number of vandalisme in patras has increased a lot .
The re has been a significant increase in vandalisme in patras .
The vandalisme in patras has increased sharply .
The vandalisme in patras has increased .
Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
Informal letter of CAE ( PART 1 )
Informal letter from CAE ( PART 1 )
Unofficial letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
Informal missive for CAE ( PART 1 )
Formal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
People should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
People should learn more about the consequences about what they are doing .
People should learn more about the ramifications about what they do .
The public should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
People are supposed to learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
People should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing to complete the project .
All in all , in this case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
To summarize , in this case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
All in all , in this situation , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
All in all , on this condition , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
All in all , in this case , the families are the cardinal friends in our lives .
All in all , in this case , the families are the most important people who help us all the time .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their availiable cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
Some people claim that it is so addictive that people will spend all their availiable cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their availiable cash on lottery tickets , but the results disappoint them .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their availiable cash on lottery tickets , only to be upset .
It is so addictive that people will spend all their availiable cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been claimed that it is so pleasurable that people will spend all their availiable cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
solution " and blended learning is the future .
solution and blended study is the future .
solution " and blended learning are the future .
solution " and blended learning are the trend in the future .
solution " and blending learning is the future .
solution " and blended learning is the future for most people.
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she say they do not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
My aunt gave me a great many of presents because she say they do not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she say they do not see me frecuently and many other part of mine .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents since she say they do not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she say they do not have the opportunity to see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
My aunt gave me pocket money because she say they did not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
Kate was cursing the university of fashion .
Kate is cursing the university of fashion .
Kate was cursing the university of a major related to fashion .
Kate was cursing the college of fashion .
Kate was cursing the university of as a major fashion .
Kate was cursing the university of fashionable design .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
I disagree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
I do not agree with the people who don't think that tablets are useful.
I do not agree with the people who believe that tablets are useless .
I do not agree with the people who hold the view that tablets are useless .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless in life .
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
At that , having time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
I, at that time , also understood the meaning of this expression myself , knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing that she had a hard and heavy hand and was much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I guessed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the letter meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year .
I know you are seeking a flat to live for the whole next year .
I know you are searching for an apartment to live for the whole next year .
I know you are searching for a flat to live that will last for the whole next year .
I hear of you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year .
I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next semester .
I 'm gon na go now .
I have to go now .
I 'm gon na leave now .
Now, I 'm gon na go .
I 'm gon na go at present.
I 'm gonna go alone now .
But , technology is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
But , technology is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn to do with it the best we can .
But , technology is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn how to deal with it the best we can .
But , computers is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
But , artificial technology is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
But , technology is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it properly .
Then they can sell them and get income of it .
Then they can sell them to foreign people and get income of it .
Then they can sell them in a lower price and get income of it .
Then they can sell them in a higher price and get income of it .
Then they can produce them and get income of it .
Then they can sell them and make profits of it .
On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
On the first day I was very angry because my grand parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
On the first weekend I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
On the first day in Beijing I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
On the first day of summer vacation I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
On the first day I was not feeling good because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
If the person want to become bowler then focus on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
If the person want to become bowler then spend time on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became important factor in batting .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting with other people .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became significant factor in batting .
Usually i play football with my classmates .
Usually i play football with my lassmates when I am free .
Usually i play football with my classmates in my spare time .
Usually i play computer games with my classmates .
Usually i play tennis with my classmates .
Usually i play football with my classmates on the playground of my school.
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service is friendly and efficient .
Besides the great atmosphere and the tasty eat , the service is friendly and efficient .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service of waiters there is friendly and efficient .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service is great and efficient .
Besides the great atmosphere and the sufficient eat , the service is friendly and efficient .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service of the waiter is friendly and efficient .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The discovery of one compound gave rise to to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The discovery of one compound contributed to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry consisted of research teams and large companies .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research groups and large companies .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of thousands of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
The goal of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
The purpose of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
The aim of this research is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
The aim of this report is to weight both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
The real purpose of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I work hard to make this dream come true .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I work hard every day to make this dream come true .
It is n't just a illusion in my mind but I work hard to make this dream come true .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I work hard to make this dream come true in the future .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I make my great effort to make this dream come true .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I try my best to make this dream come true .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
Also , the way the characters talk is contrary to the way the narrator writes .
Also , the way the characters communicate is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
Also , the way the characters talk is similar to the way the narrator writes .
Also , the way the characters talk is totally different from the way the narrator writes .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes in his novel .
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute babe doll in a shop .
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a beautiful doll in a shop .
So , they were going to school when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
So , they were going to park when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in the street corner .
The most important option to travel is , by far , the plane .
The most important choice to travel is , by far , the plane .
The most important option to travel is , by far , the train .
The most convenient option to travel is , by far , the plane .
The most suitable option to travel is , by far , the plane .
The most important option to traveling to a distant place is , by far , the plane .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in office .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool for business man .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool for office workers .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool for a big company .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in doing business .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
Many women believe that they are the victims of this policy .
Many women believe that they are the center of the world .
Many women think that they are the victims .
Many women believe that they are the of this measure .
Many women believe that they are the victims of the time .
I had insomnia the night of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
I had insomnia the night of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores greatly .
I had insomnia the night of my college entrance exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
I had insomnia the night of my final exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
I had insomnia the night of my match , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
I was extremely nervous the night of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions all over the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary low prices .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary high er prices than other galleries .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at galleries around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold to collectors around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving senior high school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new friends .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of meaningful experiences .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and entering into college , because you can have lots of new experiences .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of interesting experiences .
The avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable .
The avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most suitable .
The avant - garde and futuristic projects of new houses will be the most desirable .
The avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable option .
The avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable option .
The avant - garde and futuristic projects of buildings will be the most desirable .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , rather than the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and started a career for herself .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself after graduation .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself right after graduation .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to her hometown and made a career for herself .
My favorite sport is swims .
To be honest, my favorite sport is swims .
Actually, my favorite sport is swims .
Tina’s favorite sport is swims .
Selina’s favorite sport is swims .
My favorite sport is swims for a long distance.
The parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated .
The parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated every day .
The parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated twice a week .
The parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated twice a month .
The parts of the old machine that need oiled and regulated .
The parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated before being used .
If not killed then more likely paralysed .
If not killed then more likely paralyzed in the end .
If not killed then more likely to be remembered .
If not killed then more likely to develop cancer .
If not killed then more likely succeed .
If not killed then more likely paralysed partly .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
He couldn't just leave her taking care of his baby !
He could n't just leave her looking after his baby !
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby alone !
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby all by herself !
He could n't just leave her taking his baby away !
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and informative to all customers .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy , the waiters were very patient and informative .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy , the waiters were very careful and informative .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy , the waiters there were very friendly and informative .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and informative to customers .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or play a significant role in history .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in animal history .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in the local history .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have an significant important in history .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found strange animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about various kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way out or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the forest .
For many years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in a new place .
There is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
There is however a more dangerous threat from technology , it is that they can do the work for man .
There is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can complete the work for man .
There is however a more serious threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
There is however a more dangerous threat from robots , it is that they can do the work for man .
There is however a more dangerous warning from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for boys , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
All my whole life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
All my life I thought that soccer was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was designed for for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I changed my opinion .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs for workers .
Automation of factories has greatly eliminated many manual jobs .
Automation of factories has also eliminated numerous many jobs .
Automation of production has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Automation of industries has also eliminated many manual jobs .
When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
When Candide travels to the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is something valuable they want from God .
When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is something precious they want from God .
When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's great relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's ideal relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Today public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Today public transport still play an essential role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Today public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the following days .
Today public transport still play an important role in transport ation system and it will keep on in the future .
Today private transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Today public transportation tools still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and funny environment .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the tasty food and funny environment .
It was recommended by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and funny environment .
It was suggested by everal friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and funny environment .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the delicious food and funny environment .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and funny atmosphere .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
Egypt is a type of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
This country is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
Egypt is a typical kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
Egypt is a good axample of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara of Africa.
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to obtains .
It also mentions educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what inhabitants should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what most people should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess in school.
I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology .
I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology last year .
I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology last summer .
I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology with a high score .
I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology with two papers .
I graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology with the highest honor .
This increase is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
This increase is related with the rapid development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
This increase is related with the overwhelming improvement of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
This change is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
This increase is linked with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
This increase is related with the overwhelming progress of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
It seems to me that journalist might be very toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
It seems to people that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
It seems to us that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
It seems to me that journalist may be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic description .
It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely challenging for most people .
It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely difficult .
It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely difficult to learn .
It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , running and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
It consists of a combination between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
The radio can be used to communicate different ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
The radio can be used to exchange ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
The radio can be used to exchange different ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
The platform can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas efficiently and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chair for me .
Travelling by subway is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chair for me .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me a lot or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chair for me .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any empty chair for me .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any clean chair for me .
Travelling by public transportation tool is very stressful because the people push me or I can't sit down because there are n't any chair for me .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
I am available to do a test when it is convenient for you .
I am available to do an interview when it is acceptable for you .
I am willing to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
I am happy to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient .
Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
Its protection and preservation becomes a focus of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
Its protection and preservation becomes a major concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
Its protection and preservation is going to be a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
Its protection and preservation turns out to be a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
Its protection becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
I am looking forward for this .
I am looking forward for this festival .
I am looking forward for this meeting .
I am looking forward for the holiday .
I am looking forward for the vacation .
I am looking forward for your apply .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into consideration .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so they need to take into account .
Unfortunately , this is a n essential part of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so people have to take into account .
Unluckily , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
Then people would be more likely to catch the plane as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
Then people would be less likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
Then people would be more willing to catch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or an inconvenient taxi ride .
Then people would to catch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
It all began in such an idiotic way .
It all started in such a foolish way .
It all ended in such an idiotic way .
It all stopped in such an idiotic way .
It all started in such an idiotic way which led to failure.
The differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
The differences they are discovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
The similarities they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
The benefits they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
The disadvantages they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
The differences they are rediscovering add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological environment that high level .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological balance that high level .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological system that high level .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological damage that high level .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will focus on the ecological problems at that high level .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to feed , so they kill them .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them in the end .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were in bad economic condition and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were sad and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The animal was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
I Know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
I Know how to make different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
I Know how to prepare different kinds of healthy : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
I Know how to prepare different kinds of food for foreigners : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
I Know how to prepare different kinds of food for children : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
I Know how to cook different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I am writing to complain about a recent package that received on Monday last week .
I am writing an email to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I am writing making a complaint about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I am writing to complain because of a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I am writing to complain about a recent package I sent on Monday last week .
I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , which is a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
These days I have eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found it was easily the best I have eaten in .
I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was no doubt the best I have eaten in .
I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was the best I have eaten in my past life .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
On the concert time I was really worried that something terrible would appear suddenly .
On the opera time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
On the concert time I worried about that something unexpected would appear suddenly .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear out of the blue .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear without any signs .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
I have been the place twice , and I like it .
I have already been there twice , and I like it .
I have been there twice , and I really like it .
I have been there twice , because I like it .
I have been there twice , and I want to go there a third time .
He attracts the hippocracy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
He catches the attention of the hippocracy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
The man attracts the hippocracy of the Church in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
He attracts the hippocracy of the Church in the old woman 's father 's ceemony of being the Pope .
He attracts the hippocracy of the Church where the old woman 's father is the Pope .
He attracts the hippocracy of the Church in the old girl 's father being the Pope .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and harassed of " 1992 and all that " .
This may make Britons wrathful with Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
This possibly make s Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
This may make Britons be resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
This may make Britons irritable of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
No one attack them again and they live happily ever after !
Nobady attack them again and they live happily ever after !
No one attack them again and they live happily after that !
No one attack them again so they live happily ever after !
No one attack them again and they live together happily ever after !
No one attack them any more and they live happily ever after !
When you are reading a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
When you are reading there is a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
When you are reading what is happening appears in your mind .
When you are reading a scene of what is happening appears in your mind .
When you are reading a noval a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening appears in your mind clearly .
In my case , I had to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
In my view , I had to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
In my case , I had to translate a good amount of texts , andstresslp English tourists to get around .
Some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces are in my case , I had to translate a good aofx dlEuod
In my case , I had to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to travel to foreign countries .
In my case , I had to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around without language barriers.
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
In the works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some stresses on rebellion against oppressive forces .
In most of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces are in many of the minority works of modern literature .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against dangerous forces .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
This member of the organization does not want the sport to be banned either .
This member of the ssociation does not want the sport to be banned either .
This member of the public does not want entertainment to be banned either .
This member of the public does not want the game to be banned either .
This member of the class does not want the sport to be banned either .
Can you give me a hand on it ?
Can you give the poor girl a hand on it ?
Can you give the little girl a hand on it ?
Can you give the poor boy a hand on it ?
Can you give the holess boy me a hand on it ?
Oh my god ! Can you give me a hand on it ?
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last month , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
My friends and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
My family and I are going to spend some time at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
My family and I are going to spend some good days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
My family and I will spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future development .
This year vacation would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
This year rest would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin enough power for future education .
Next year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final exam , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a close friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from primary school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from middle school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at America, and that I will go to the UK .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
So she took a deep breath and place her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the drawer just like her childhood memories .
So she took a deep breath and put her dress in the attic just like her childhood memories .
So she took a deep breath and put her barbie doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like what she did when she was very young .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
Well , next November I will go to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
Well , next November I will travel to Asia , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I make .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only happy thing on my Bucket List that I know .
Well , next year I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
There is also however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
There is also however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated persons who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
There is also however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' goals .
There is also however , the very real fact that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
There is also however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated workers who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
There is however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who was able to use it for ' evil ' purposes .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a trip .
The car is n't the good way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much waste , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the personal transport is better to do a journey .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much air pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
As a rule after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
As a rule after last exams they do n't know what gift to choose .
As a rule after last exams they do n't know which school to choose .
As a common rule after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
As a rule after last exams they do n't know what place to choose .
As a rule after last tests they do n't know what university to choose .
All that he felt was anxiety .
All that he remembered at that time was anxiety .
All that he felt was solid under his feet .
All the pressure he felt made him want it less .
All that he felt was disappointment .
All that he felt was depression .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
I could n't comprehend why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the school's dean just because Michael had closed the door .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door by accident .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door . I did nothing .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door wihthout permission.
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
So to recap , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
Summing up , people are apprehensive of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
Summing up , people are aware of the growing threat of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a fossil fuel vehicle .
Summing up , people are conscious of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
The facilities of this company are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent and easygoing but the gym could be bigger .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be expanded .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but one thing can be improved is that the gym could be bigger .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be more comfortable .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very advanced compared to what skiers use these days .
I started to learn when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very well-armed compared to what skiers use these days .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what professional and serious skiers use these days .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers used by professional players .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the European Union by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably exit from the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
Membership almost certainly leads to some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do like this .
Membership almost certainly contains some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
Many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
Many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the upper classes of society and earn a lot of money on the way .
Many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a rare opportunity to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
Many striplings in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
Many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a shortcut to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
Many youths in low salary areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM and get up at 2 PM .
I often take a nap around 12 AM .
Well it depends . I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM . Yes , it's nap time !
I often go to sleep around 12 AM and fall asleep quickly.
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend who is not around us , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
Having the mobile phone , people can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , share a fascinating book with others or just loot at outside .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside in spare time .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside without any worries.
public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark and terrible future of public transportation
public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which contributes dark future of public transportation
public transportation . day by day folk are more raving about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own cars which leads dark future of public transportation
public transportation . day by day folk are even crazier about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at a meal .
A manual work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at breakfast .
A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a professional worker spends on a tip at lunch .
But the irony is that a migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in dealing with non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , solving the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in coping with non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the difficulty , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
In many years of industrious work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
It is not be afraid of deep water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn dive and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will take more to learn than the little .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will cost more money to learn than the little .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim at a young age and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
He prefer study in your home .
He prefer study in your classroom .
He prefer study in your home alone .
He prefer study in your home by himself .
He prefer relax in your home .
He prefer study in your home , but I dont't like it .
Although privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Although privately oned cars are more and more affordable , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Although privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this kind of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Although privately oned transport tools are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Although privately oned cars are more and more comfortable , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Although privately oned cars are more and more popular and cheaper , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly simple and it can gives a lot of satisfactions !
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is pretty simple and it can gives a lot of satisfactions !
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly simple and it can gives a number of satisfactions !
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before starting , because is fairly simple and it can gives a lot of satisfactions !
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , since is fairly simple and it can gives a lot of satisfactions !
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly simple and it can gives a lot of satisfactions ! You must believe in yourself !
My names is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in german .
My names is Steven and I 'm a student . I 'm living in german .
My names is Steven and I 'm a college student . I 'm living in german .
My names is Steven and I 'm a dentist . I 'm living in german .
My names is Steven and I 'm a tour guide . I 'm living in german .
My names is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in german , which is a beautiful country .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
She was going to provide so many answers to so many questions .
She was going to have so many solutions to so many problems .
He was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions in a short time .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions . But I like her .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself happy .
It is dynamic , encouraging and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even though it is not well remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well organized , I feel myself satisfied .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself tired .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
As a result , the salary has been increasing .
As a result , the possibility has been increasing .
As a result , the capacity has been increasing .
As a result , the economy has doubled .
As a result , the economy has been in recession .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
What’s more , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
Moreover , sometimes college students are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
Moreover , sometimes people are really tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relex themselves .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to have a rest .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
As Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
When Voltaire finished Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a new literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak in history .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was popular .
If you are looking for confort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
If you are seeking for confort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
If you are looking for confort or relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
If you are looking for confort and relax , , you have to take a boat .
If you are looking for confort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat in Western Lake .
If you are looking for confort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat instead of walking .
When the concert finished , we went to cloakroom to get signatures from musicians .
When the performance finished , we went to cloakroom to get signatures from musicians .
When the concert finished , they went to cloakroom to get signatures from musicians .
When the concert finished , we went to cloakroom to find signatures from musicians .
When the concert finished , we went to cloakroom to get signatures from singers .
When the concert finished , we went to cloakroom to get signatures from musicians I admired .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
The story are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
The events are expanded in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , willing to tell us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened already in a realistic story - line without flashback .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a true story - line without flashback .
Why will I recommend this to you ?
Why not will I recommend this to you ?
Why will I send this to you ?
Why will I recommend this to students in middle school ?
Why will I recommend this article to you ?
Why will I recommend this to you rather than others ?
I hope you enjoy your summer .
I really hope you enjoy your summer .
I wish you enjoy your summer .
I hope you like your summer .
I hope you enjoy your summer vacation .
I hope you enjoy your trip with friends .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I would also like to carry out my PhD paper in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as medicines against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human kind diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in practical devices .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the evolution of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great project requires .
On the other hand , you have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great project requires .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical storage to use new the technologies this great project requires .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to make of use new the technologies this great project requires .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this project requires .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great project demands .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never work .
Their co-workers were angry because she was the only one that never work .
Their parents got angry because she was the only one that never work .
Their parents were angry because she was the one that never work .
Their parents were angry because she was the only girl that never work .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never work on time.
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my mother will put up some money to help me .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me cover the fee .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me ease the burden .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will lend me some money to help me .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay my house alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the way to brightness .
Everyone lives in dark , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
Everyone lives in desperate , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
Everyone lives in a dangerous situation , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
Everyone lives in different despair , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
Imagine this scene : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
Imagine this picture : the lesson class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not understand what they have studied in last semester .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last term .
Picture this : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
The houses will have , for instance , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a ball or igloo .
The buildings will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
The museums will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
The houses will , for example , be built in spherical or igloo shapes .
When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
When I feel stressed off , I always play computer games to release my pressure .
When I feel stressed off , I always play basketball to release my pressure .
When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to reduce my pressure .
When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure quickly .
When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure and give my body several seconds to relax .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
Candide is obviously terrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the thief begins pillaging the city .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the soldier begins pillaging the city .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the bank .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins to sack the city .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
So , I believe either we will have private transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
So , I think either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
So , I believe either we will have public transport ation tools or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the ancient age .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age , did everything by hands .
The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The Senate Commerce Committee passed bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The Senate Commerce Committee upported bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV advertisement and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV romance and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills that would partially ban violence on TV and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .
Public future unless they have project to at least reduce the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .
Public future unless they make project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .
Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and value the safety of their passenger .
Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and pay attention to the safety of their passenger .
Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger , it will be difficult for this plan to succeed .
Above all , the high quality if education will make me ready for the future .
Above all , the high quality if education will make me prepared for the future .
Above all , the high quality if education will make me ready for the following difficulties .
Above all , the high quality if education will make me suitable for the future .
Above all , the high quality if education will make me ready for the job .
Most importantly , the high quality if education will make me ready for the future .
So the best way for them to travel is public transpotations .
Accordingly, the best way for them to travel is public transpotations .
So the best approach for them to travel is public transpotations .
Therefore, the best way for them to travel is public transpotations .
So the best way for them to get about is public transpotations .
So the best way for us to travel to other places is public transpotations .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
Computers encourage idleness in the general public , why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , why figure out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , why work out something yourself when the computer is able to do it for you .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , why work out something yourself while the computer can do it for you .
High technologies encourage laziness in the general public , why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
It is because of high taxes on the merchandise .
It is because of high taxes on products .
It is because of high taxation on goods .
It is because of comparatively high taxes on goods .
The high price is because of high taxes on goods .
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The two - day one - night excursion with my mother and sister went quite well .
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went fairly well .
The two - day one - night vacation trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went pretty well .
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well and we all enjoyed it .
We should use it but we are must not forget about books .
We should make of use it but we are must not forget about books .
We should use it whereas we are must not forget about books .
We should use it but we are must never forget about books .
We should use it yet we are must not forget about books .
We should learn to use it but we are must not forget about the knowledge gained from books .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
If we think more about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
If we think about it the car is better since we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust much more money than the public transport .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport , especially the fuel surcharge .
I am Engineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am Engineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am Engineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am Engineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am Engineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am architect of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
E.R.M. is already upon us yet in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this field I feel Britain should be especially careful .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this area I consider Britain should be especially careful .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this area I feel Britain should be particularly careful .
Side effects of drugs are already upon us but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
Practice swimming is quite tough work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing aerobic exercise .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to pick up the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , whereas it is a very relaxing activity .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity and a good way to lose weight .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
Dogs are truely not that hard to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
Dogs are really not that difficult to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done each day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked frequently .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly , always once a day .
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience of camping and I enjoy that very much .
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and all of us enjoy that very much .
Jumping from the flying plane was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
It was really beautiful memory and an unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
It was really good experience and I enjoy that very much .
Moreover I send you a map in order to locate the street .
Moreover I send a map to your phone in order to locate the street .
Moreover I send you a map in order to locate the street you are looking for .
Moreover I send you a map in order to locate the address .
Moreover I send you a detailed map in order to locate the street .
Moreover I send you a map .
this case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
this case brings on some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
this case causes some problems where the orator mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
this case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to hold back illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
this case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned in his speech that the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
this case causes many problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
When we learn of the trials and crucifixion that they went through we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they under went we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympethize with their spirits and try to accept that diversity .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympethize with their emotions and try to take in that diversity .
When we learn of the trials that they went through we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
But such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative side as well as positive .
But such high level of development of Egyptian civilization implies the negative side as well as positive .
But such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative influence as well as positive .
But such high level and rapid development of Egyptian civilization has the negative side as well as positive .
But such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the passive side as well as positive .
Such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative aspect as well as positive .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other practices in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
My high school English teacher thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language when we were young .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by talking with native English speakers , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Our tutors thought it was best to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
In our service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .
In our service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence to replace human labor .
In our service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence than human being .
In our factory there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .
In our service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence to satisfy customers' demand .
There will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
My name is María , I am from Spain but worked here .
My name is María , I am from Ecuador .
My name is María , I am from Spain . So I knew I wanted to come to the US because of the system
My name is María , I am working here in Spain .
My name is María ,
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of carbon emissions . "
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste , which has become a severe question . "
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of bioethanol viably across the world . "
The town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste and linking to climate change . "
The county is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste and pollution . "
To learn more about bowling one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
To learn more about how to be a good bowler one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
To learn more about bowling one should watch international tournaments with Akram , Warne and Murli .
To learn more about bowling one should approach Akram , Warne and Murli .
To learn more about bowling one should learn from Akram , Warne and Murli .
To learn more about boxing one should watch Akram.
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
According to my age , evening activities are not an issue for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I participated in many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played a variety of sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports throughout my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
According to my age , evening activities are not a big problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Candide 's life is guided by his belief the good will prevail .
Candide 's life is governed by his faith the good will prevail .
Candide 's behavior is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Candide 's life is mainly governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief the justice will prevail .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
As a result , authorities will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new sources of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling by public transport ation will become much cheaper than personal car .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become less expensive than personal car .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of technology , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
In addition , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and subway , you have much more comfort and speed .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have considerably more comfort and speed .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more convenience and speed .
Also , compared with public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that certain beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
There has been a big scare in the United Kingdom recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
There has recently been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may have BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) , characterized by progressive dementia and gradual loss of muscle control .
How are you .
How old are you .
How about you .
How do you do .
What are you doing .
How are you fixed for cash .
English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
English is a global language which becomes important for the modern world .
English is an international language which becomes important in the 21st century .
Chinese is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
English is an international language which becomes significant for the modern world .
English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world to communicate and travel .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
In my view , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
In my opinion , television can be instructive . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
In my opinion , TV can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the headlines or a show about World War One .
In my opinion , television can educate children through documentaries . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Instead , once I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a computer .
Instead , once I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I believe my info was processed by a computer .
Instead , once I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a n electronic device .
Whereas , once I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a computer .
Instead , once I applied to the program- the application for which was computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a computer .
Instead , once I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a program .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
Public transport is also good for our environment rather than cars .
Public transport is even beneficial to our environment rather than cars .
Public transport is even good for the surroundings rather than cars .
Public transport ation is even good for our environment rather than cars .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars , like alleviating the global warming .
The NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
The NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over cyberbullying on television ( Stern 1 ) .
The NAB also claimed that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
The NAB also insisted that companies involved already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
In the interview , the NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
It also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Because not everyone afford to buy their own car .
Because not everyone afford to buy their own car for daily travel .
Because not everyone afford to buy their own car , many people still need to try their best to maintain their life .
Because not everyone afford to buy their own house .
Because not everyone , such as many families on low incomes afford to buy their own car .
Because I not afford to buy a new car .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
Computers has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This has made it no longer indispensable for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind the operational mode any longer .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not figure out the principles behind them any longer .
This has made it unecessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became passion .
At first , it was only a leisure interest but with the years it became passion .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became usual practice .
At the outset , it was only a hobby but with the years it became passion .
At first , it was only a hobby when I have leisure time but with the years it became passion .
It was only a hobby but with the years it became passion .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be banned .
The argument has raged on for years , but for the sake of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be banned .
The row continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be banned .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term I do not think competitive sports will be banned .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be prohibited .
The issue remains hotly disputed , but for the sake of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be banned .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
At any rate , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery and big cities of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the filtered water to drink .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink and cook .
A lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
So after watching this movie and receiving my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's doubts I ca n't help thinking about my life .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about the meaning of life .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my future planning .
So after watching this program and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
Not only do they safeguard against anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could bring you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their odd personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so hearting warm and wonderful on the inside .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could hurt you , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
I would also remove any american buisness interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
I would also eliminate any american buisness interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
I would also remove any american buisness benefits and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
I would also remove any american buisness interests and give the benevolent fund to more diserving ' charity ' .
I would also remove any american buisness interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' and put it to good use .
I would remove any american buisness interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
BSE is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
Bovine spongiform encephalopathy is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
BSE is a disease that occurs in cows and effects their brain and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
BSE is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) , the BSE subvirus can infect human beings .
BSE is a communicable disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
BSE is a serious disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
Eventually , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
Naturally , the issues of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the advantages that we would presumably ultimately receive .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably receive .
Naturally , the problems of a single hegemonic power would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
There again , having a large number of free hours ( days !
There again , having a whole bunch of hours ( days !
Again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
There again , getting a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days ! That's a good chance to relax .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
Due to the reasons stated above , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is far more convenient .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more comfortable .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I can conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
Due to the above mentioned reasons in my paper , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
I had a wedding .
I had a party .
My colleague had a wedding .
I had a wedding last Friday .
I had my sister's wedding .
I had a wedding , which is so dreamlike .
Something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
Something that made me very happy was to visit my relatives .
Something that made me very pleased was to visit my family .
Something that made me happy was to visit my family on weekends .
Something that made me quite happy was to visit my family .
Something that made me very happy and energetic was to visit my family .
This is not my first time that I study English .
This is not my first time that I study Portuguese .
Obviously, this is not my first time that I study English .
This is my first time that I study English online .
This is not my first time that I study for my exams .
This is not my first time that I study English . So I can answer your question .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is that they confuse our minds .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our thinking .
Another thing about the relationship between teachers and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they always our minds .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds and even try to control our minds .
Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Triathlon has become more popular in recent years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Triathlon has grown in popular ity over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are willing to try it .
Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to give a shot it .
Triathlon has become more popular at sports meetings over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
Whereas , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
However , this is not the way in which television has changed society .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced our society .
However , this is not the way in which technology has influenced society .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society and human .
Subject : An important thing to do !
Topic : An important thing to do !
Subject : An crucial thing to do !
Subject : An important task to complete !
Subject : An important thing for me to do !
I have to go home now . An important thing to do !
She was just a young beautiful girl !
She was just a young beautiful singer !
She was just a young beautiful player !
She was just a young beautiful lady !
She was just a young beautiful dancer !
The problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
Maybe expensive airlines are better ?
Maybe cheap airlines are more comfortable ?
Maybe international airlines are better ?
Maybe cheap er airlines are better ?
There again , having free hours ( days !
I always simle to people .
I always simle to strangers .
I always simle to friendly people .
I always simle to people who help me .
I always simle to people who accompany me .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by bike is much more convenient .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the past which filled whole rooms .
Computers nowadays are far different from the one 's in the past which filled whole rooms .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the past which took up whole rooms .
Computers used by people now are a far cry from the one 's in the past which filled whole rooms .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the past which filled complete rooms .
Yesterday , I had a wedding .
He tried to understand what 's going on with him .
He tried to figure out what 's going on with him .
He tried to find out what 's going on with him .
He tried to understand what 's going on with his friend .
He tried to understand what 's going on with that boy .
The only thing that made me very happy was to visit my family .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that situation .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with the complicated issue .
Human beings often behave without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Human beings often do things without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
This is not my first time that we study English .
In conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
In conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the individual responsibility .
In conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no correct policy and confusion in the responsibility .
In conclusion , federal government which give right and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
In conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the corresponding responsibility .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they have a big age gap .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the champion .
I felt lucky and wanted my house will get the champion .
I felt energetic and wanted my house will get the champion .
I felt powerful and wanted my house will get the champion .
I felt hopeful and wanted my partners will get the champion .
Triathlon has become more popular over the past month and more and more people are eager to try it .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Candide .
The light attitude in which these behaviors of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Candide .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written indicates the parody form in which Voltaire writes Candide .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written displays the parody form in which Voltaire writes Candide .
The heavy attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Candide .
This is not the way in which television has influenced society .
Those cows which had been put down were not used for food .
Those cows which had been put down were not used for selling .
Those goats which had been put down were not used for food .
Those pigs which had been put down were not used for food .
Those cows which had been put down were not used for selling to buyers .
I have an important thing to do !
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
I am an assertive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
I am an aggressive , creative in art but careful person who can work independently .
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work efficiently and independently .
I am an aggressive , but careful person who can work independently .
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently and like to learn new things .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Firstly , I would like to wonder how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course continues , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , for I need to book my flights .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to reserve my flights .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights in advance .
The local Council hasn't a project for the environment .
The distinct Council hasn't a project for the environment .
The local Council hasn't a program for the environment .
The local Council hasn't a project for the wild animals .
The local Council hasn't a project for the environment from last year .
I can't understand why the local Council hasn't a project for the environment .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
The voice is mainly in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
The voice is in first person and makes use of a subjective point of view .
The voice is in first person and uses a positive point of view .
The voice is mainly in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
The author uses the first person narration and uses a subjective point of view .
You can choose lots of places to play .
They can choose lots of places to play .
You can select lots of places to play .
You can choose lots of different places to play .
You can choose lots of places to play with friends .
In Beijing , you can choose lots of places to play .
Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
Alongside with its progress , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to move from one country to another .
Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite convenient to commute from one country to another .
Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one land to another .
As with it has developed , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
Though the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
Although the Council began to propose something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the question .
Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem at all .
Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem in case there was panic .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
We require someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
We need somebody ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to stay open every day .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe shop is going to open every day .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day and we have a lot of customers .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been faced with adamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with inflexible , and often obstinate oppostion .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often tenacious oppostion .
Since its beginnings in the early nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate oppostion from traditional diehards .
Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
Because talking is way faster than writing ;) .
Because chatting is really faster than writing ;) .
Because chatting is way faster than taking notes ;) .
Because chatting in person is way faster than writing ;) .
We all know that chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
Shivering inside our hearts , the dread increases .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror is daily on the increase .
Trembling inside our hearts , the horror increases .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases if we are victimized in a particularly vicious or careless way by fellow human beings .
Shivering with cold , the horror increases .
Should learn other languages ? .
Should learn other languages besides English ? .
Should know more about other languages ? .
Should learn other cultures and customs ? .
Need learn other languages ? .
Should learn other languages ? . And is there any difference between English and French ?
However , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
However , they still being common people , they make mistakes .
We should admit that , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
However , however wise or eminent they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
However , they still being mortak , they make mistakes .
However , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes like any other .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a total dilemma , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a an irreconcilable conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
We made some incentives about how to regulate it , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group found that some food was missing somehow .
We made some incentives about laws in our camp , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
When Mel came she looked absolutely gorgeous .
When Mel came she looked stunning .
When Mel came she was like the most gorgeous girl ever .
When Mel came she looked sparkly and gorgeous .
When Mel came he was pitching the young Mel Torme to DJs .
they use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
they use a quality English language which avoids colloquialism language .
they use a fomal English language which avoids slang language .
British people use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
most of the time they use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
they use a quality English language which avoids jargon language .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Everything in life , if abused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Everything in life , if misused , can have baneful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects , not least the genetic engineering and genetic manipulation .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no different .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception . This is also true of mobile phones .
I hope my house will get the champion in the next year .
I hope my country will get the champion in the next year .
I hope my hometown , the capital of our country , will get the champion in the next year .
That's my sincere hope that my house will get the champion in the next year .
I hope my house will get the champion in the in the next edition .
I dream my house will get the champion in the next year .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
After all , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a house .
Firstly , there will always be people below the poverty line who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car , not even a house .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car and have to take public transportation .
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that .
I always said that I passed that test and I was absolutely sure of that .
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that because I believe in myself .
I always insisted that I passed that test and I was sure of that .
I always said that I passed that qualification examinations for some license-based professions and I was sure of that .
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that because I had studied for a long time .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Computer generated photos , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more real than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more efficient than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more fun than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images artists imagined , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need to learn public transportation .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need to learn how to drive .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future kids and teenagers will need public transportation .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation tools .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation to go out and go to school .
Modern times saw gas and electric ranges as to staple .
Modern people saw gas and electric ranges as to staple .
Recent times saw gas and electric ranges as to staple .
Modern people of each country saw gas and electric ranges as to staple .
Modern young people saw gas and electric ranges as to topic .
Modern citizens saw gas and electric ranges as to staple .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my working life .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my whole life .
Personally , mobile phones are very useful in my life .
Personally , mobile phones are very helpful in my life .
As far as I am concerned , mobile phones are very important in my life .
today I want to write about my job .
today I want to write about my life .
today I want to write about my everyday routine .
today I want to write about my life experience .
today I want to write about my trip .
today I want to write about my job to give you some pieces of advice .
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was student .
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was high school student .
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was college student .
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was middle school student .
I had rich experience of holding basketball competition when I was student .
I had experience of holding basketball and singing competition when I was student .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with a few efforts , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
This , because everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more patient every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more prosperous the Single Europe will be .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the diverse coalition will be .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point abut BSB .
Another reason for the local people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point abut BSB .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former one abut BSB .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for eating vegetables , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point abut BSB .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating all kinds of beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point abut BSB .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point abut BSB , a brain disease of cows that causes death .
We want a happy Earth .
What we want is a happy Earth .
We need a happy Earth .
We want a really happy Earth .
We want a happy world .
We want a happy Earth rather than a dirty one .
Not only me but also every Indian always follow Sachin for cricket .
Not only me but also every Chinese always follow Sachin for cricket .
Not only me but also every native people always follow Sachin for cricket .
Not only us but also every Indian always follow Sachin for cricket .
Not only me but also every Japanese always follow Sachin for cricket .
Not only me but almost everyone every Indian always follow Sachin for cricket .
All the examples above will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
All the examples above will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter than before .
All the human actions above will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
All the pollutants above will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
All the emissions above will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
All these factors will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
Especially in a giant cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more expensive again .
Especially in a big cities , where there are a lot of traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is getting more and more popular again .
Especially in a big cities , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better and .
Peoples lives will change in the future , and I think it 's not for the better .
Peoples lives will change in the future , and I believe it 's not for the better .
Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the easier .
Peoples lives will change , and I bet it 's not for the better .
Firstly , sport has become business .
Firstly , sport has become a kind of business .
Firstly , sport has become a way of making money .
Firstly , sport has become a way of social communication .
Firstly , tennis has become business .
Sport has become business .
I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from primary school , Vicente .
I arrived at Mexico City one week ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I are across an old friend from high school , Vicente .
I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from middle school , Vicente .
I arrived at Shanghai one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
Some people think that it is a bed idea .
Some people think that it is a bed method .
Some people think that it is a bed thought .
Some people think that walking is a bed idea .
Some people think that going to a foreign country is a bed idea .
Some of us think that it is a bed idea .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short speech competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to join in the competition .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a long story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
Last year , My friend Michael was at work when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
Last year , My close friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
In this way you have to be prepared for anything problem .
In this way you have to be ready for anything problem .
In this way you have to be prepared for anything ccident .
In this way you have to be prepared for anything kind of difficulty .
In this way you have to be prepared for anything kind of trouble .
In this way you need to be prepared for anything problem .
On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
On the coarse of this research I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
On the coarse of this investigation I have gained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some good results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising findings which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in China in the beginning of september .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
When I was a kid I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
When I was a small child I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
When I was a primary school student I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
When I was younger I used to say that I would like to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
When I was a young girl I often said that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
For example , we could learn how to connect with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a warm way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
For instance , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to prepare a meal from parents .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from our parents .
This could lead to high unemployment .
This could result in high unemployment .
This could lead to substantial unemployment .
This financial crisis could lead to high unemployment .
This could lead to illness .
This could lead to negative consequences of high unemployment .
To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
To begin with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
To start with , there are numerous troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
There are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
To start with , there are a range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
First of all, there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
Despite this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
In spite of this range of media , the television continues being the most important means of communication .
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most essential means of communication .
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important medium of communication .
In spite of this wide range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
It 's my initial passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
It 's my first enthusiasm and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
It 's my first passion and I am pursuing it as far as my earliest memory goes .
It 's definitely my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
This is my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
that is priceless .
that is valuable .
that is not expensive .
that is important for me .
that can be priceless .
that cup is priceless .
People can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computer .
People can easily do calculus or other type functions with a machine .
People can easily do algebra or other type functions with a computer .
People are able to do calculus or other type functions with a computer .
People can easily do calculus or other type functions .
People can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computer , which can help us save a lot of time.
Dog 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Dog 's unique personality is one of their best qualities .
Dog 's personality is one of their best traits .
Dog 's personality is one of their greatest qualities .
Dog 's character is one of their best qualities .
Dog 's loyalty is one of their best qualities .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
There is little doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
There can be no doubt that genetic alteration and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had significant effects on many areas of society .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many aspects of society .
Undoubtedly, genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
The last daughter was Ana who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
The family's last daughter was Ana who was the youngest is a jaguar .
The last son was Adam who was the youngest of the family is a worker .
The last daughter was Ana who was the smartest of the family is a jaguar .
The eldest daughter was Ana who was the most light-hearted of the family is a jaguar .
Ana was the last daughter who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
The invention of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
The creation of disc shaped satellites in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has changed the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
In the past 20 years，the creation of the satellite dish , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
We could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
However, there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
But owning a credit card requires a service charge ( £ 12 per year ) .
But there is a service fee for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per annum ) .
It leads to high unemployment .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It opens our eyes towards the reality of the suffering of others .
It opens our eyes to the reality of others ' pain .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the agonies of others .
It opens our eyes to the actuality of the suffering of others .
To start with , I think there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
Many children watch violent tv shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Many children watch violent tv programs because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Many children watch violent tv shows because the action can make them feel excited and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Many kids watch violent tv shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Many children watch violent tv shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes lead to the child becoming violent .
the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
My concerns were swiftly answered , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
My concerns were answered quickly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
My concerns were answered swiftly as the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold shouted : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
As far as I am concerned I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for educational
For my part I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for educational
As far as I am concerned I would like to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for educational
As far as I am concerned I want to think about homeschooling as a n eductionl wake up call
As far as I am concerned homeschooling should be seen as a wake up call for educational
that is priceless to me .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has acces to many things you do have acces too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
This can help you understand that not everyone has acces to many things you do have acces too , and realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has acces to many things you do have acces too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can drink some water even though this is not true .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has acces to many things you do have acces too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not the case .
This can help you to make clear that not everyone has acces to many things you do have acces too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
Engineers can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computer .
Someone who live in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudice toward Blacks at first .
At the beginning, someone who live in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudice toward Blacks .
Someone who live in the north and comes to live in the south may not be prejudice toward Blacks at first .
Someone who live in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudice against Blacks at first .
A person who live in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudice toward Blacks at first .
Dog 's personality is definitely one of their best qualities .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk was filled w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to preserve these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records just transfer them to my computer .
There can be no doubt that genetic engineering has had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
Less channels means less choices .
Less channels means less options .
Less channels leads to less choices.
Less channels is equivalent to less choices .
Less channels results in less choices .
That girl was Ana who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
In an age where time is the scarcest comodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
In an age where time is the badly needed comodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
In an age where time is the scarcest comodity , our society has delightly adopted this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
In an age where time is the scarcest comodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of squandered hours in the kitchen .
In an age where time is the scarcest comodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
In an age where time is the most precious comodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
But I consider you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a perfect idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good view also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea as well , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to do in the future .
There are many problems facing the Monarchy .
There exists many problems facing the Monarchy .
There are numerous problems facing the Monarchy .
There are many difficulties facing the Monarchy .
There are many problems in the presence of the Monarchy .
There are many important problems facing the Monarchy .
First , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
Above all , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
First , the scene that depicted the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
First , the scene that described the killing makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
First , the bloody scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
First , the scene that described the details of the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
In my case ... I 'm much better at present . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
In my particular situation ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
In my case ... I 'm far better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst and worse .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to rent an apartments to live independently
Other students who may have family financial support would like to hire an apartments to live independently
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live on their own
Other students who might have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Other students who may have enough money prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
In a nutshell , Based up on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the pecious mineral are outweigh the advantage .
In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
In a nutshell , Based on the causes and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are much more than the advantage .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are people who can not afford to possess their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones offered by the local government .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or probably they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are people who can not afford to have their own automobiles or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are travelers who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
Therefore, I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
So I should be back on jumping about in no time :) .
So I should be back instantly on jumping around in no time :) .
Thus, I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
So I think Jack should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
Computers have been used as a manner of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping the minutes , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money all over the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer funds across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to have fun .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
We used to assume our natural energies were never ending .
We used to assume our natural resources were never going to be used up .
We used to think our natural resources were never ending .
We used to assume our natural resources were never going to be empty .
We used to assume our natural resources could never run out .
In accord with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
In accord with the aforementioned , the number of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
In accord with the aforementioned , the amount of aste produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
In accord with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 much more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
In accord with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than tripled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
In accord with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded improperly .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
Some people may not want the actual killer to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
Some people may not want the real murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is displaying the television show .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be caught , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown directly , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
It was found that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically in active .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still keeping biologically active .
It was discovered that the newer drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically young .
My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to deal with it .
My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to do with it .
My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to cope with it .
My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make a great effort to solve it .
My family is very aware of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
I 'm looking forward to meeting you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you on summer vacation .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you on winter vacation .
I 'm looking forward to receiving your reply .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a taste their own food .
That 's why I order all of young people to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
That 's why I order all tourists to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
That 's why I order all foreigners to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and appreciate nature and have a try their own food .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old student from the kingdom of Bahrain .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old boy from the kingdom of Bahrain .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old police from the kingdom of Bahrain .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old doctor from the kingdom of Bahrain .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old businessman from the kingdom of Bahrain .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
It is a wonderful place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
It is a great place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see numerous fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see various fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed under the water.
I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard land of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the paths in the city of the streets .
I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard stone of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
I am likeing to feel the sand under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
I am likeing to touch the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
We hope you keep preferring us .
We hope you keep preferring our team .
We hope you keep preferring our company .
We hope you keep preferring our service .
We hope you keep preferring to cooperate with us .
We hope you keep preferring us as your partner .
In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
In Madrid you can go to visit some great museums , like the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
In Madrid you can pay a visit to museums , like the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , such as the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
In Madrid you are able to go to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
In Madrid you can choose to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can earn money from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
The Kosciuszko Institute carried out a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can make a profit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can gain s benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a scientific research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what need .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , dancing , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , excited , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , running , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something meaningful our what buy .
My favourite sport is football game .
My favourite sport is basketball game .
My favourite sport is volleyball game .
My favourite sport is tennis game .
My favourite sport is badminton game .
My favourite sport is skiing game .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
That I want to say , is very hard to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in French Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your second lenguaje .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the similar but not in your native lenguaje .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your familiar lenguaje .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in middle school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a month I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local harity to help children with their homework .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help students with their homework .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when I was a primary school student - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
From newspapers , magazines , even social medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing quickly .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily find out that our environment is changing severely .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our world is changing severely .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing at a high speed .
There you will see bus stations in the street .
There you will see bus stations in the road .
There you will see bus stations in the end .
There you will see bus stations in the street corner .
There you will notice bus stations in the street .
There you will see bus stations on the left side of the street .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycling .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of running .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of walking toschool .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of taking a bus .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of eating breakfast .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycling for a long distance.
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
He was at Sarah 's office when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the living room dirty and went to his house .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his room .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house directly .
He was at Sarah 's home when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters wrote in the same style : realistic style .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters adopt the same style : realistic style .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters choose the same style : realistic style .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same writing style : realistic style .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : romantic style .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of risk .
They should read more books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
They should read news and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost ability and sense of adventure .
They should read books and live more to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
Czech universities provides high quality of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
Czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with technological facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
Czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding equipments , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
Czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and nice environment and cultural diversity .
Czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with good facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
Politically we are moving closer together .
Politically we are moving closer towards the goal .
Politically we are moving closer towards each other .
Politically we are moving closer to the final goal .
Politically we are moving closer to the final phase .
Politically they are moving closer together .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
This is also applicable for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
This is also true for older people , who lose the capacity to drive as they age .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to ride as they age .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they become older .
This is true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the window .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the front door .
Suddenly , there was a constant knock on the door .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door of kitchen .
Occasionally , there was a heavy knock on the door .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
When she said that , Michael began to cry and get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
When she said that , Michael started to scream and get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get angry saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get nervous saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
When she said Michael started to cry and get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
All in all , the experience was educational .
All in all , the experience was beneficial to all of us .
All in all , the experience was beneficial to all members .
All in all , the experience was beneficial to young people .
In a word , the experience was beneficial .
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take weeks off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think travelling with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
The Camp is well - known and runs from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be great to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period when my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
Puerquitour : A great experience to your mouth .
Puerquitour : A wonderful experience to your mouth .
Puerquitour : A great experience to your body .
Puerquitour is the great experience to your mouth .
Puerquitour as the great experience is good to your mouth .
Puerquitour : A great experience to your health .
Dear Camp director ,
Dear Camp leader ,
Dear Camp member ,
Dear Camp participant ,
Dear Camp organizer ,
Dear Camp designer ,
The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The city needs a mutual venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The city needs a joint venture to give support to functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The city needs a joint venture to support functional and sustainable commerce that can recycle rubbish .
The city needs a joint venture to support a useful and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The city needs a venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish correctly.
It allows you to see much more in your pace .
It permits you to see much more in your pace .
It allows us to see much more in our pace .
It gives you a chance to see much more in your pace .
It allows you to see more in your pace .
It makes you see much more in your speed .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
The government and many companies are scaling the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are essential for producing goods for the social consume .
The government as well as many companies is measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
The government is measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
Do you agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Do you agree or have other points " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Do you agree or disagree " Always being honest is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Do you agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Do you agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is considered the most important quality of a friend in a relationship " ?
Do you agree or disagree "It is said that Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
2- classy game no friction between players
2- superior game no friction between players
2- classy game where there is no friction between players
2- classy computer game no friction between players
2- classy game no disagreement between players
2- game no friction between players participated in the game.
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
What's more , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
Besides , it also helps me have a good body shape and feel happy .
Besides , it also helps me keep healthy and have a good body shape .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit . What's more , it helps me have a good body shape .
In addition, it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
Nevertheless , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
However , going out by public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and especially for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then seeing more action .
However , public transportation is quite cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
I stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
I stomp the man and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
I stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman who is from the group .
I stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group that passed just now .
I stomp him and when he turned around I found it was a woman from the group .
I stomp him and when he got off it was a woman from the group .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
We found our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
We discovered our deep fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
We discovered our profound fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
We discovered our fascination with fruit and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' appeared .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other animals .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other unfamiliar dogs .
But some people are very mean and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are fierce to other dogs .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs and human beings.
Firstly , was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Firstly , was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world platform to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Firstly , was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old job at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Firstly , was Europe 's awareness of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Firstly , was Europe 's consciousness of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
Firstly , was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her satisfied position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
People collects trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
People collects garbage of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
People collects trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill situated outside the village .
People collects trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located far from the village .
People collects trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the city .
People collects trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village where they live .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all people .
The real problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
The true problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
The problem is that these researchers have not looked at all women .
The problem is that these feminists have not studied at all women .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this specific matter .
Steel or concrete structures would give the wanted effect in this particular matter .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired impact in this particular matter .
Steel or concrete materials would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
Steel or concrete structures would take the desired effect on this particular matter .
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for example : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
In Castelldefels , there are many activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
In Castelldefels , there are other activities much less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cost less , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
In Castelldefels , there are other good activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are attacked by someone they know .
According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they don’t know .
According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know well .
According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know a lot .
According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know in their life .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
I look forward to hearing from you tomorrow ,
I look forward to hearing from you very soon ,
I look forward to hearing from Tina soon ,
I look forward to hearing from Jackson soon ,
I look forward to hearing from your e-mail soon ,
I am keen on cinema thus I love to watch all types of fims .
I am keen on cinema thus I love to watch all kinds of fims .
I am keen on cinema thus I like to watch all types of fims .
I am crazy on cinema thus I love to watch all types of fims .
I am keen on film thus I love to watch all types of fims .
I am keen on cinema thus I love to watch all types of fims in the cinema.
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and wrong information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that common people wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fabricated information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and false information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that the average citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
When the treatment of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the strong foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the firm foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united one .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe or European Union .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
While I was there , I did a lot of things by myself .
While I was there alone , I did a lot of things .
While I was there by myself , I did a lot of things .
While I was there , I finish a lot of tasks .
While I was there , he entered the marshal's apartment .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as how they were said .
Regardless , the dialogues are made exactly as they were said .
Regardless , the dialogues are written just as they were said .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were told .
No matter what they say , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television programming in the United States is regarded as the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television program in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in developed industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in highly industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) and are not recommended for children .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something terrible and inevitable happen .
He hated to be like that since most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
He hated to be like that because most of the animals made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something bad and inevitable happen .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen , all these ants disappeared .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
To compensate , meat prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains doubtful .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more mutton , but the public remains sceptical .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains uncertain .
To make up for that , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams per person per week .
Only beef consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams per person per week .
Only fish consumption showed a great change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams per person per week .
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the similar the level of 52 grams per person per week .
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams per person per day .
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at roughly the same the level of 52 grams per person per week .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again meant for failure .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for losing .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failing .
When Women 's Lib really took off once again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was doomed .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret for what you do .
Thanks and start to do it now , you wo n't regret it .
Thanks and start right now , you wo n't regret it .
Thanks and start immediately , you wo n't regret it .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret what you have done .
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television but , is like that ?
A lot of users think that there are too many adds on television but , is like that ?
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on computer but , is like that ?
A lot of young and old think that there are too many adds on television but , is like that ?
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television and radio but , is like that ?
A lot of people think that there are too many harmful adds on television but , is like that ?
Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that nights news CNN commentator .
Arrangements , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that nights news CNN commentator .
Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , generally based on that nights news CNN commentator .
Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being settled , based on that nights news CNN commentator .
Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being , based on that nights news CNN commercial commentator .
Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being carefully made , based on that nights news CNN commentator .
When we see all this cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
When we look at all this cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
When we see all this cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that maybe one day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
When we see all this cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to live own car car and use public transport .
When we see all this cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to live our car and use public transport facility .
When we see all this cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to live our car and choose public transport .
First , we listened to some songs , such as almost and big big world .
Usually , we listened to some songs , such as almost and big big world .
First , we listened to some popular songs , such as almost and big big world .
First , we listened to some English songs , such as almost and big big world .
First , we often listened to some songs , such as almost and big big world .
First , we listened to some fashionable songs , such as almost and big big world .
In order to attain this goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
In order to reach this goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
In order to attain this annual goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
In order to attain this goal I have to take all-round steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
In order to approach this goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
In order to achieve this goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
So many people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
Such people are sure that electronic products make us stupid .
Such people are extremely sure that electronic things make us stupid .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us foolish .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us less active .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
They are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We are no longer able to Kill and hunt animals freely .
We are no longer able to kill wild animals freely .
We are no longer able to kill animals without punishments .
We are no longer able to kill animals without concerns .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
I am anxious about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a opportunity I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my intimate people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback s but they are also the same in nature .
I am annoyed about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
It is very wasting time and not efficient .
It is very wasting money and not efficient .
It is very wasting time and not efficient in workload .
It is really wasting time and not efficient .
It is very wasting time and not efficient in reality .
It is very wasting time and not worthy .
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stone .
Unexpectedly , Winnie fell over a little stone .
Suddenly , Jennie fell over a little stone .
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a huge stone .
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stone and hurt her face .
Suddenly , Winnie fell from a giant stone .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of customers .
The problem of the hotel is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is really far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and city center , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is too small to accommodate many people .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some people wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some kids wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some children wanted to play volleyball because of money or glory .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or fame .
Some children wanted to play tennis to keep up with the Joneses .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and disconfort .
The British are likely to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may exactly cause illfeeling and discontent .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well lead to illfeeling and discontent .
The American tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
And as for me , I totally agree with their point of view .
And as for me , I totally favor their point of view .
And as for me , I fully support their point of view .
And as for me , I totally support their idea .
And as for me , I totally support their idea of entrepreneurship .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Hopefully we will someday achieve Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a big step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end ignorance ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the correct direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal of ending apathy ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Carbon based fuels will not last forever .
Carbon based fuels will not last long .
Carbon based energy will not last forever .
Carbon based fuels will not last for very long time .
Carbon based fuels will not be used forever .
Carbon based fuels will not last forever , but we can alleviate it .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as cruel , brutal and primitive .
There are , however , many people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
There are , however , a lot of people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and dangerous .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , savage and primitive .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened all over the world .
Over these decades , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
Over these years , there are fewer and fewer miserable accidents happened around the world .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the area .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents , such as shootings , happened around the world .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her money and personality .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her health and personality .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her appearance and personality .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will meet her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Candide has travelled all over the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that foreign culture .
Finally , learning second language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the capacity to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and deep meaning of that other culture .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to enter into the mind and context of that other culture .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne culture through a foreign language ?
Because of we are a real Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne culture through a foreign language ?
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne history through a foreign language ?
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne culture through a second language ?
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne literature through a foreign language ?
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne culture through other languages ?
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the match .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the competition .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the final race .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the running race .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the final race.
Underground fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Underground fights are far more risky since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Underground fights are much more dangerous since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Underground fights are far more dangerous because the less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Underground fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is adopted and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Underground fights are far more harmful since less protective gear is used and there usually isn't a doctor present .
Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute parts ?
Would all these products have to seek synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Would all these expensive products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Would all these useful have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Would all these products have to find artificial or substitute ingredients ?
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the whole world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the choice was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really optimistic about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a team the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # accepted to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
Hello Alex , how are you .
Hello Alex , how are you recently .
Hello Alex , how are you today .
Hello Alex , how are you these days .
Hello Alex , how are lately .
Hello Alex , how are you . Do you feel better now?
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding financial value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding cultural value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection requirement .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of great universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
To be included on the World Heritage List , resources must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
to who may concern ,
to who may pay attention ,
to who may offer help ,
to who may talk ,
to who may relate ,
to who may show real concern ,
to competition with public transportation .
to competition with private transportation .
to competition with public transportation tools .
to competition with public transportation is common .
to competition with public transportation is difficult .
to competition with public transportation companies .
The 1970 's saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
The 1970 's saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national regulations .
The 1970 's saw further progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
The 1970 's saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which made greater scope for national policies .
The 1970 's saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for inter national policies .
The 1970 's saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater extent for national policies .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has shown its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has displayed its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its amazing power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every field of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its basic political concepts .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political ideas .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , concerns may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , terrible issues may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
It is said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
Variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Variety of buses are released by the government in order to change people 's financial conditions .
Variety of buses are released by the government in order to increase people 's financial conditions .
Variety of electric buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Variety of buses are released by the car producer in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Variety of subways are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
I want explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
I want explain to you some interesting part from my life .
I want explain to you some funny part from my experience .
I want explain to you some interesting part from my work .
I want explain to you some interesting part from my rich experience .
I want explain to you some unforgettable part from my experience .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some weeks .
There is n't comparation on observing the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a small window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the plants through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
There isn't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
1- make me fit and healthy
1- make me happy and healthy
1- make me fit and positive
1- make me fit and energetic
1- make me fit and full of energy
1- make me healthy
The lottery seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
The gambling seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery ticket seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing money from the poor to give to the rich .
The lottery seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the wealthy .
The lottery seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor people to give to the rich people.
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in life .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in working .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in living a life .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in solving problems .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in dealing with difficulty .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not simple at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in life .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our everyday life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to record special moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture good moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special time like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
What's more , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
It might seem an easy soloution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
It might seem a reasonable soloution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
It might seem an easy soloution to this mess would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
It might seem an easy soloution to this chaos would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
It might seem an easy soloution to this problem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
It might be an easy soloution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
I am particularly interested and I am capable to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
I am extremely interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
I show great interest and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the underground project Chiquicamata .
I am particularly interested this job and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
I have expects to be more famous , better and biggest .
I have expects to be more well-known , better and biggest .
I have expects to be come more famous , better and biggest .
I have expects to be more famous , more outstanding and biggest .
I have expects can be more famous , better and biggest .
I have expects to be more famous , better and biggest than Chaplin .
Why am I making this choice you clearly can ask , I love sun and good weather .
Why am I making this choice you clearly can ask , I love sun and nice weather .
Why am I making this decision you clearly can ask , I love sun and good weather .
Why am I making this choice you can ask , I love sun and good weather .
Why am I making this choice you clealy can ask , I love sun and good scenery .
Why am I making this choice you clearly can ask , I love sun and the Italian lifestyle .
He started walking very quickly
He began walking very quickly
He started cycling very quickly
He started walking very fast
To her surprise, he started walking very quickly
He started walking very quickly , beaming , drinking them in
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , which is my native Languaje .
First reason ; the grammar of the language that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
First reason ; the grammar the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is the similar to the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Bengalese Languaje , my native Languaje .
stop shouting . do n't shout .
stop crying . do n't cry .
stop making noises . do n't make noises .
stop taking photos . do n't take photos .
stop screaming . do n't scream .
stop shouting . do n't shout at her so loudly .
Ambulances are also kept on stand by at big events .
Ambulances are also kept on stand by at great events .
Emergency services are also kept on stand by at big events .
Ambulances are also needed to keep on stand by at big events .
What's more, ambulances are kept on stand by at big events .
Ambulances are also kept on stand by at the spot .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
This is to say that none want to martyr their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national monarch , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want consentaneous voting , not majority voting .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting instead of majority voting .
We have to admit that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
However , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
Nevertheless , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
However , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , it could be a better choice to offer discounts for family groups .
However , if the target markets incorporated , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
However , if the target markets were both , young people and old people , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
However , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice to gain more profit .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
Candide , though remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be suspicious of it .
Candide , which remains true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , still appears to be sceptical of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of its claims to greenery .
TV has much benefits :
Computer has much benefits :
TV has much advantages :
TV has much benefits in family life :
TV has so much benefits :
TV has much benefits and is not expensive :
Recently , several studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
At present , several studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
Recently , several studies have sufficiently shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
Recently , several studies have proven evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
Recently , numerous studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
Recently , several researches have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
These superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
These four superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
These superpowers were economically , militarally and politically more powerful than the divided individual European states .
These superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger than the divided respective European states .
These superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European countries .
These superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger than the separate individual European states .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic side .
Advertisement might be viewed as an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic side .
Advertisement might be considered an art work , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic side .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong place or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic side .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic value .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic meaning .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
Although he is a bit naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of kindness because he helps his sister when she needs him .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister without any doubt when she needs him .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him at any time .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she is in danger .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
Tom was so unhappy because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
Tom was so sad because Jenny did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a picnic with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks until Monday .
Tom was so sad because Becky didn't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for a long period .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I advise you not to take warm clothes .
I recommend you not to take such warm clothes .
I truly recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes and scarf .
I recommend you not to take heavy bags .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th November .
The autumn sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th November .
The sports games were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th November .
The sports days were surprisingly held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th November .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th October .
The sports days were held regualarly on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th November .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
Provided that every person owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
Provided that every citizen possesses a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every going-out chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our cities would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I assume that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
There is really a big variety of ice creams .
There is a big variety of ice lollies and ice creams .
There is a huge variety of ice creams .
There is a big variety of ice artistic works .
There is a big variety of ice creams to choose from in the store.
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it by myself .
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to confront it .
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to face it .
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to solve it .
It was dangerous down there , but I knew I had to do it .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the perfect person for this kind of job ! " .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the uitable person for this kind of job ! " .
I read your advertisement on your social media website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
I read your advertisement on your website and I suddenly thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's what I do , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be banned .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abandoned .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be stopped .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and other places in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be repealed .
Here there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
Here there is one : do television offer highly likely chances for the audience in an educational way ?
Here there is one : do television provide highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
Here there is one : do internet offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
Here there is one : do computer offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
Here there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities for the viewers in an educational way ?
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
Another major concern created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the planet we are living on .
Another major problem created by the increasing number of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the air damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution discharged into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
Because Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together .
Because Vic was nearly with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together .
Because Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , workers spent all day together .
Because Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent all day with our friends .
Because Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together with our family members .
Because Vic was leaving the country soon , we spent all day together .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
With this , the windows , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its forming .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing much more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are coming down , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .
Only by words Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its charm .
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance naturally .
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance without intervention .
Only through the transmission of characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
He has to do with it , the sooner the better .
He has to deal with it , the quicker the better .
He has to deal with it , the more efficient the better .
He has to deal with it , the faster the better .
He has to deal with it to minimise the damage , the sooner the better .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may well have happenned already .
As the causes of the Second World War had its deep roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may well have happenned already .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the result of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may well have happenned already .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a past fight that may well have happenned already .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a past war that may well have happenned already .
As the reasons for the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may well have happenned already .
For example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
For instance , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
For example , walking in the lake or swimming in the lake can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
For example , to walk in the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
For example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can help to forget hard life conditions .
For example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can help us to forget hard life conditions .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere in the world .
The development in technology is seen everywhere .
The development of human kind in technology is seen almost in all aspects of their life .
The development of human kind in artificial intelligence is seen everywhere .
The advance of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
I see all these during my morning walk .
I see all these during my morning excercise .
I see all these when I do morning walk .
I happened to see all these during my morning walk .
He sees all these during his morning walk .
I see all these during my vacation .
The stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
The stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and savored the idea of retiring early .
The stock market was experiencing a boom , as a result, several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
The stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly citizens who were working became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
The stock market was prosperous , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
The stock market is experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens become wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , regard this house as home .
I extremely hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
What I really hope is that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
I really hope you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
I really hope that you can have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
Dear Sir or Madamme ,
Dear Sir or Madamme ,
Dear Sir or Madamme ,
Dear Sir or Madamme ,
Dear Sir or Madamme ,
Dear Sir or Madamme ,
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve to the future .
In the end , I think technological developments make us improve to the future .
Finally , I hold the view that technological developments make us improve to the future .
Finally , I think technological developments improve to the future .
Finally , I think computer science developments make us improve to the future .
Finally , I think technological developments help to improve to the future .
Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
There is no doubt that , this was very time consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . W/ the computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a computer I have programmed the computer in order to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I ever had to make .
Of course , this was a special time consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
How are you ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
How is it going ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
How is everything ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
How are you ? are yo still working in Madrid ?
How are you ? are yo still living in New York ?
How are you ? are yo still living in Beijing?
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Candide doesn't have the ability to see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this particularly as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was because of him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was due to his crime of killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Candide can not see what possible product can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Also , the reading passage declares that even the federal government let each state function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
In addition , the reading passage declares that even the federal government let each state function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
Also , the passage declares that even the local government let each state function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
Also , the reading passage declares that even the national government let each state function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
Also , the reading passage declares that even the federal government let each state function by itself , it still control on the main decisions .
Also , the reading passage declares that even the federal government let each state function in their own way , it still control on the main decisions .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
In some countries gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people would rather pay the bus fee than paying for a full tank .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a tank of gas .
There are countries where the price of gas so high that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
There are developing countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
As a result , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Therefore , I do not agree with this decision .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this determination .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision they just made .
Therefore , I do not oppose this decision .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
First of all , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because people can have a private space .
Firstly , the car is more commodious because there is privacy .
Firstly , the car is more convenient than a bus because there is privacy .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is a private room .
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
My name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the position .
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have already read your advertisement for the job .
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I come here for the job in your advertisement .
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job on the bus .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of place to travel .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of place that are suitable for people to travel .
On the one hand , in my motherland there are a lot of place to travel .
On the one hand , in my country there are plenty of place to travel .
Firstly , in my country there are a lot of place to travel .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of place to travel by cars.
Firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
First of all it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
Firstly it gives young people a chanc to share cultural experiences with others .
Firstly it enables people to share cultural experiences with others .
Firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with eac other .
Firstly it promotes young people to share cultural experiences with others .
When he left I was sad but also really happy .
When he left I felt sad but also really happy .
Seeing he left , I was sad but also really happy .
When he left I was upset but also really happy .
When boy he left I was sad but also really happy .
When he left I was sad but also really feel honored .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later ones fueled by coal .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later ones fueled by oil .
Technology brought the advent of the wood stove , and later ones fueled by coal .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and afterwards ones fueled by coal .
Technology saw the arrival of the wood stove , and later ones fueled by coal .
Technology saw the rising of the wood stove , and later ones fueled by coal .
The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The European Community is a unique league of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The European Community is a unique grouping that consists of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who devoted to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who arecommitted to the development of closer economic and political communication .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
In this report we will see some features of today 's television .
In this report we will notice some characteristics of today 's television .
In this report we will get to know some characteristics of today 's television .
In this report we will know some characteristics of today 's television .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst atlets , many more are also as interesting and profitable .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
When most people talk about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
When most people think about an essential historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
When most people think about an impressive historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
When the majority of people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
When most people think about an important historical tourist attraction in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano.
Even if we did , then shorly so does the rest of the world .
Even if we did , talk shorly so does the rest of the world .
Even if we did , then shorly so does the rest of the world .
Even if we did , then shorly so does the rest of the world .
Even the majority of people did , then shorly so does the rest of the world .
Even if we did , then shorly so does the rest of the people who live there .
Well , I applied to the this program , was accepted , and flew here form the US .
Well , I applied to the this project , was accepted , and flew here form the US .
Well , I applied to the this program , was rejected , and flew here form the US .
Well , I applied to the this program , was accepted quickly , and flew here form the US .
Well , I applied to the this program , was accepted without difficulties , and flew here form the US .
Well , I applied to the this program , was accepted , and flew here form the US without delay .
I asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
I asked myself many times what is the goal of our life ?
I asked myself many times what is the meaning of our life ?
I asked myself many times what is the purpose of our life ?
I asked myself many times what is the real meaning of our life ?
I asked myself many times what is the aim of our career ?
City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law sets a due term until 1st July .
City X " has no specific garbage disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
City X " has no specific rubbish disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
City X " has no specific trash disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
City X " has no specific waste disposal arrangement , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Will the people of Britain be ready to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Will the citizens of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to renounce their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to stop supporting up government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to discard their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Never before had one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
Never before had one object of such small size can take so many lives .
Never before had one object of this size been able to take so many lives .
Never before had a single object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
Never before had only one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
Never before had one object of such small size been able to save so many lives .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb to its top .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb without any help .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb without wearing comfortable shoes .
Mount Everest is so high and dangerous that it is very difficult to climb .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb to the peak .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
Ca los Cans is a n integration of sea , nature and culture .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of river , nature and culture .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of water , nature and culture .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , mountain and culture .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and unique culture .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely tasty .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was definitely delicious .
We selected " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious to eat .
We chose " tortillas " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export aswell .
These factors could have a huge impact on the agricultural industry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export aswell .
These factors could have a considerable influence on the agricultural industry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export aswell .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural products preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export aswell .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry reducing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export aswell .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry discouraging the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export aswell .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and save people .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and cure people .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people who have mental diseases .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people who suffer from mental disease .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people to face their own hearts .
·Activities to kill time
·Activities are organized to kill time
·Activities are arranged to kill time
·Activities to kill spare time
·Activities to kill free time
·Activities , like canoeing and sailing and such , to kill time
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
I challenge you to think about it and try it by yourself .
I challenge you to think about it and try it once again .
I advise you to think about it and try it .
I challenge you to think about it and do it .
I challenge you to think about the new technology and try it .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in years , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
we can find that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
we can see that there are lots of bad and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather natural disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
we can see that there are lots of severe and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric clinic after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and robocalls " ( pp .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not qualified to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone spam " ( pp .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not incapable of standing trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
no smoking in the public places .
no smoking in the public areas .
no smoking in the cabs .
no smoking in the in my house .
no smoking in the in my room .
no smoking in the public places . But he ignored it and lit up a cigarette .
So I have experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
So I have rich experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
So I have enough experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
So I have experience in customer service , costumer care and working long hours .
So I have experience in after-sale service , costumer care and working long hours .
So I have plenty of experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
In India we have various types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
In India we have different types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
In India we have numerous types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
In India we have various kinds of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
In India we have various types of Public transport , such as Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
In India we can commute by various types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the images will be slightly raised .
The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unusual ink also the images will be slightly raised .
The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their specific ink also the images will be slightly raised .
The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the picture will be slightly raised .
The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique pigment also the images will be slightly raised .
The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique feature also the images will be slightly raised .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
In conclusion , I think public transport has good future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
In conclusion , I think public transport has bright future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more glorious future will have .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more excellent future will have .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people buy it , the more future will have .
One year is not long period .
One month is not long period .
One day is not long period .
One year is not short period .
One year is not very long period .
One year is not long period for learning.
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new routes .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from tradition and forges new routes .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forms new routes .
This is a suitable example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new routes .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new route map .
This is a typical example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new routes .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
And when finally paparazzi realize that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing enjoyable in their life , they just leave them alone .
And when finally paparazzi find that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing unnormal in their life , they just leave them alone .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing new in their life , they just leave them alone .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
But I wanna find a job to help him pay the bills .
But I wanna find a job to help him improve the economic situation .
But I wanna find a job to help him increase the family income .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the problem .
But I wanna find a job to help the homeless boy with the bills .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different choices ? .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be take every different options ? .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every options ? .
And also , can you give me a good idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
And also , can you give me a general idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I am mainly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I am chiefly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I am greatly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry within 4 years.
For so many years the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
For so many decades the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
For so many years the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in place of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
For so many years the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical thoughts .
For so many years the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more insightful , i.e. radical ideas .
For so many years the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical opinions .
I implicated my class from winning the champion .
I implicated my partners from winning the champion .
I implicated my lassmates from winning the champion .
I implicated my friends from winning the champion .
I implicated my team members from winning the champion .
I implicated my class from winning the champion in the match .
In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
In China , English is regarded as a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
In China , English is considered to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
In China , English is took to be a foreign language that many students choose to learn .
In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students prefer to learn .
In China , English is took to be a second language which many students choose to learn .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
What I do find is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
What I do feel is morally incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is that a post - menopusl woman decides she wants a baby .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants to have a child .
What I do feel is ethically wrong is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
The reason behind the fear caused by this energy is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes lies in its incredible power to destroy .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible destructive power .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its unimaginable power to destroy .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to damage .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
There will be a woman as president , and running a lot more companies .
A woman will be president , and are running a lot more companies .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and will play an increasingly important role in running a lot more companies .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies , a sign of women's rising status .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more technology companies .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
Obviously , if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi while they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
It is quite apparent that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents happened during holiday .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents on the road.
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The excitement of standing in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are decisive factors which keep boxers fighting .
The excitement of being in the ring , the great joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors that keep boxers fighting .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting for more races .
Its membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
Its membership has increased from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
Its membership has risen from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
Its membership has grown from the initial ten founder countries to twenty - three .
Its membership has grown from the first ten founder countries to twenty - three .
Its member country has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
I enjoyed a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
I liked a lot this story first of all because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , particularly Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another world , making me forget every day 's life .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's annoyance .
A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
A radical break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
A complete break through has been forged in the way food is prepared .
A complete break has been made in the way food is prepared .
A thorough break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
A complete break has been forged in the way food is cooked .
At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
In the evening she heard some creepy noises from there ...
At night she heard some hair-raising noises from there ...
At night she heard some horrific noises from there ...
At night she heard some creepy voices from there ...
At night she heard some strange noises from there ...
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It is based on researches on the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own idea as a permanent resident in the area .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent inhabitant in the area .
It is based on a survey of the young adults from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It is based on an investigation of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It gives us a fresh and new view of the world around us .
It gives us a fresh and novel perspective on the world around us .
It gives us a good and new perspective on the world around us .
It gives us a fresh and new viewpoint on the world around us .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us, allowing us to receive different inspirations .
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
It would certainly help you to grow and improve as a person .
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a learner .
It would definitely help you to grow and develop as a person .
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a student .
It would definitely help you to grow and gain relevant experience as a person .
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
education meanwhile attendance rate is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
education meanwhile the number of turnout is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
education meanwhile participation is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
education meanwhile attendance is obligatory in elementary and secondary education .
education meanwhile enrollment rate is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
People are starting to know that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this strange disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm certain more changes will come about .
Human beings are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I believe there will be more changes .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she sent Anna away .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a crazy necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what actually happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave her daughter away .
After Ana's 18th birthday , she felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
Hi , jo .
Hello , jo .
Nice to meet you , jo .
Nice to see you , jo .
Have a nice day , jo .
Hi , jo , this is your new classmate, Mike.
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that enjoy for Mexican food .
Other advice that I would give to tourists coming to Mexico is that enjoy for Mexican food .
Other advice that I would give to visitors coming to Mexico is that enjoy for Mexican food .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that enjoy for Mexican desert .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that enjoy for Mexican drink .
Another suggestion that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that enjoy for Mexican food .
Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
Below you can find a few pieces of advice of mine .
Below you can find a few useful suggestions of mine .
Below you can find a few helpful suggestions of mine .
Below you can find a few good suggestions of mine .
Below you can find a little advice of mine .
You will want to come another time .
You will want to come next time .
You will wish to come another time .
You will want to come a second time .
You will want to come another day .
You will want to come another time because it's too beautiful there .
I 've worked as social trainer and as educators since I was 16 .
I 've worked as social trainer and as educators since I was 16 years old .
I 've been playing the role of social trainer and educators since I was 16 .
I 've worked as social trainer and as educators since the age of 16 .
I 've worked as social trainer and educators since I was 16 .
I 've worked as social coach and as educators since I was 16 .
They listen to the music and can we are singing .
They listen to the music while can we are singing .
They listen to the music and at the same time can we are singing .
They listen to the music happily and can we are singing .
They listen to the music and can we are ready to are singing .
They listen to the radio and can we are singing .
he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register the competition .
he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to sign up the competition .
he phoned me in order to ask me to lent him some money to register the competition .
he called me and asked me to lent him some money to register the competition .
he phoned me and asked me to lent him a sum of money to register the competition .
he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register the singing competition .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
You should be good at playing backhand or forehand , but you can lose finally .
Although you should be good at backhand or forehand hitting , you can lose finally .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose this game finally .
Although you should do well in playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you are possible to lose finally .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
he received the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
he took the money the second day , he completed the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to the international student magazine to publish his story office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad to tell me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration form and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the race has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
The summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
In 1980, the summertime was first introduced in England .
The summertime was first introduced in Britain in 1908 .
The summertime was introduced in England for the first time in 1908 .
The summertime was first drawn to in England in 1908 .
The summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 and then was widely used in the world.
San Froilán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
San Froilán is a festival with National Tourist Interest .
San Froilán is a festival of NationalTourism Interest .
San Froilán is a significant festival of National Tourist Interest .
San Froilán is a holiday of National Tourist Interest .
San Froilán is a festival of National Tourist Interest held annually.
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The temperature will become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more severe .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , therefore some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more and aggressive .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more frequent.
Our individual monetary system I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
I think our individual monetary system could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
Our personal monetary system I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
Our individual monetary system I suppose , could be regarded as a symbol of sovereignty .
Our individual monetary system I suppose , could be equated with a symbol of sovereignty .
Our individual monetary system I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of power .
it 's a team sport .
this is a team sport .
it 's a sport that requires teamwork .
it 's not a solo sport .
it 's a kind of team sport .
it 's a team sport favored by young people.
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
Our team has a hard - working trainer and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
Our team has a hard - working instructor and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional suggestion to us , how to improve football skills .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football ability .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football competences .
In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
In conclusion I have a perfect holiday where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of gifts and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot tasty food .
In conclusion I have a terrific vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
In conclusion I have a wonderful vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every Sunday it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are polite I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not unaffordable .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not unacceptable .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone inspite of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more optimistic way .
Then we will all be able to look at the failure in a more positive way .
Then we will all be able to look at the future from a more positive perspective .
Then we will all be able to view the future in a more positive way .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more subjective way .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined wage based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
The question of recompense for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined fee based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the number of tasks at hand .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined earning based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
When he was 18 , he played first game for India .
When he was a middle school student , he played first game for India .
When he was young , he played first game for India .
When he was a kid , he played first game for India .
When he was a primary student , he played first game for India .
When he was 18 , he played first game for India as a professional player.
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
Of course Britain would lose her right , as would the other nations of the union .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other countries of the union .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the association .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other members of the union .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the rest parts of the union .
Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
Experimental Art has taken the world of art by special design .
Experimental Art has taken the world of art with surprising ideas .
Experimental Art has taken the world of art by its charm .
Experimental Art has taken the world of art by its value .
Experimental Art has taken the world of art without a doubt .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
However to be fully engaged , sacrifices have to be made .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made by some people .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made by all participants .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made without hesitation .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made frequently .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at swimming .
I felt very worried because I was not good at running .
I felt very nervous because I was not good at running .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at playing computer games .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running for long distance .
Second , the teachers were really good skills to teach .
Second , the coaches were really good skills to teach .
Second , the instructors were really good skills to teach .
Second , the trainers were really good skills to teach .
Second , the professional teachers were really good skills to teach .
Second , the teachers were really good skills to teach young kids.
It 's a dual effect !
It 's a positive effect !
It 's a triple effect !
It 's a dual impact !
It 's a huge effect !
It 's a dual effect on participants!
This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
This fresh start came about because of three main reasons .
This fresh start came about because of three major factors .
This fresh beginning came about because of three main factors .
This fresh start came about due to three main factors .
This fresh start came about because of several main factors .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
All over the time the Nile is the only clean source of water for Egyptians .
All over the time the Nile is the only qualified source of water for Egyptians .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of drinking water for Egyptians .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for local people .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of clean water for Egyptians .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
Perhaps this increasingly common ideology is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
Perhaps this increasingly negative mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
Undoubtedly this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
Perhaps this increasingly serious mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality turns out to be the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
If you want to practise handball , just be certain that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good partner and do n't forget the fun !
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good coach and do n't forget the fun !
If you want to practise basketball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget to enjoy yourself !
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
However , my parents managed that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a unique birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my friends and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of gifts .
However , my parents tried that my party was the most special and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many chances for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the shortcoming of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the disadvantage of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that usually the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many options for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in deep .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the fun of the game in deep .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the meanings of the game in deep .
Reading biographies of some well-known cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in deep .
Reading biographies of some famous players will also help to understand the insights of the game in deep .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to have a good understanding of the insights of the game in deep .
Big Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
Big Broadcast teams are used by all of them .
Big Broadcast groups are used by all of them very often .
Big Broadcast groups are used by all of them frequently .
Big Broadcast groups are used by most of them .
Big Broadcast groups are used by all of the team members .
Last week I was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
Last week I was borrowed an ankle support and some walking sticks , so ever since then it 's going better .
Last week I was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's getting better .
Last week I was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's getting more comfortable .
Last week end I was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
Yesterday I was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britains relationship with Europe .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the discussion began concerning Britains relationship with Europe .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the heat debate began concerning Britains relationship with Europe .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britains relationship with Europe an countries .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britains relationship with other countries .
When Britain joined the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britains relationship with Europe.
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
We depend on mobile phone for entertainment , education , news and films
We depend on television for fun , education , news and films
We depend on computer for entertainment , education , news and films
We depend on ipad for entertainment , education , news and films
We use television for entertainment , education , news and films
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous impacts such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
Lima is the most typical example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences like the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
Lima is the best instance of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
Lima is the best example of colonization and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
They die when John was too young to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found anything about them .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found any details about them .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found useful information about them .
They die when John was so little that he couldn't remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
In holidays , people can away from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In vacations , people can away from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In weekends , people can away from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In holidays , people can away from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family members .
In holidays , people can away from daily problems and also can take more leisure time with their friends and family .
In holidays , people can away from daily pressure and also can take more time with their friends and family .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
Eggs should not be taken as aborted foetuses .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses of hen .
Eggs we eat should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
Eggs we eat every day should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
Eggs can not be taken from aborted foetuses .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an patient , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable girl .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , powerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , optimistic and a considerable person .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball match on television .
When I have free time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball match on television .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball match on my mobile phone .
When I have spare time , I often gather my close friends to watch basketball match on television .
When I have spare time , I often gather my best friends to watch basketball match on television .
When I am available , I often gather my friends to watch basketball match on television .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
Everybody can not afford a travel through plane as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is comfortable
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the advantages , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is expensive , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but for benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are so delicious .
These burgers are my favourite food since they are amazing .
These hamburgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
These burgers are my favourite food because I think they are amazing .
Those burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
In fact , in every respect there are pros and cons .
As a matter of fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
In fact , every thing has pros and cons .
In fact , every aspect has pros and cons .
In every aspect there are pros and cons .
However , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
Nevertheless , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
However , in spite of the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
However , despite the useful of these possible effects , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
However , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by refuse to use it most of the time .
Despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
Unless you start studying before exam with an appropriate time , or you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts that lie behind every single word .
If you do n't start studying before exam with without delay , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will not help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a quialified person for the post .
Though I am a young girl , I think I am a quialified person for the post .
Young I am , I think I am a quialified person for the post .
Although I am a young girl , however I think I am a quialified person for the post .
Although I am a girl who is at a young age , I think I am a quialified person for the post .
I think I am a quialified person for the post .
Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
Computers that wa producted very early only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
Old computers only allowed you to make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , such as creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect ing to the internet , watch ing or make videos , invent ing new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
As a result this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
Therefore this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
As a result this would reduce the population and there would be less couples .
As a result the population would be reduced as there would be less couples .
As a result this would reduce the population as there would be less people who get into marriage .
As a result this method would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
He enter the college of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this major was the more similar to be a super hero .
He enter the university of medicine since he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
He enter the university of phramacy because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
That man enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of pictures and writing .
in my hometown all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
in my city all schools and some walls along the streets are full of drawings and writing .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of slogans and writing .
in my city all primary schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Talking with speakers whose first language is Englih is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Communicating with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you can judge how well or badly you are doing .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing since you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Talking with native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
People claim that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
People say that technological advancement has made our world much smaller ,
People say that technological development has made the earth much smaller ,
People say that technological development has made our lives much more colourful ,
People say that technological development has made our world much more connected ,
I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very wonderful place .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but trust me it is very beautiful place .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is not very beautiful place .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it must be very beautiful place .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very fascinating place .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and confusion .
Their faces expressed happiness , triumph , pride and perplexity .
Their expressions reflected joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , enthusiasm and perplexity .
Their faces expressed many feelings, such as joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
You can easily bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
You can also bought a number of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
You can also bought a lot of gifts like dolls , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Madagascar .
You can also bought a lot of souvenirs like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as an explorer and arrived home triumphal .
People claim that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unfamiliar place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the stress of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the disappointment of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
On the other hand , in the future perhaps would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everyone and I do n't have to stand up .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a train which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
In the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to offer my seat to others .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
Furthermore , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
Secondly , there are athletes who behave disgustingly .
Secondly , there are still some athletes who behave disgustingly .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave indecently .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disonestly .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
They should be out enjoying themselves and getting experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
They should be out having fun and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a screen .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of learning about them on a flat screen .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining useful experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the west .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Madagascar , in the north .
I 'm a seventeen-year-old girl and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' professor from Italy , in the north .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the northern part of the world .
As you enter the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be good .
As you walk into the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be good .
As you enter the dining room you know the pizza is going to be good .
As soon as you enter the restaurant you can tell the pizza is going to be good .
As you enter the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be fantastic .
As you enter the kitchen you know the pizza is going to be good .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average based system .
What is essential is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average based system .
What is useful is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average based system .
What is meaningful is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average based system .
What is necessary is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average based system .
Generally, what is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average based system .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a unique restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of big windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the kind of atmosphere we choose .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for eating and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
We are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurence is for some good .
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the ideology that everything and occurence is for some good .
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the thought that everything and occurence is for some good .
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurence is for some thing good .
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the idea that everything and occurence is for some good .
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurence is definitely for some good .
She knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
She knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few days .
She knows her direction even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
She knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this place a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
She knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few months .
She knows her way ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
The answer this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracry .
The answer this question lies in people 's feelings about Democracry .
The answer this question lies in one 's thoughts about Democracry .
The answer this question lies in one 's real feelings about Democracry .
The answer this question lies in one 's true feelings about Democracry .
The answer this question lies in our feelings about Democracry .
The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding day , I had a great time and I stayed up very late .
The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late at night .
The wedding day , I had a good time and I slept very late .
The wedding day , I had a great night and I slept very late .
The wedding day , I really had a great time and I slept very late .
This movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .
This movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really valuable things .
This film has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .
This great movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .
This movie has impressed me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .
This movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in here .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all season , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in here .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many dresses because you can buy in here .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in at the local mall .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in at the local market .
The weather is neither hot nor cold , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in here .
We are living in a ever changing world .
We are living in a ever changing world full of challenges .
We are living in a ever changing world full of opportunities .
We are living in a ever changing world of dangers .
We are living in a ever changing world of constant development .
I think we are living in a ever changing world .
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
The first spring birds came back from the warm places .
The first spring birds came back from the warm parts .
The first spring birds came back from the warm southern countries .
The first spring birds came back slowly from the warm countries .
Some spring birds came back from the warm countries .
In the early eighties " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
In the early eighties " casual sex " in the United States was a generally accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
In the early eighties " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted concept , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
In the early eighties " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something individuals really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
In the early eighties " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and occasionally occurs .
In the early eighties " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and occurs less frequently .
I look forward to hearing from you
I look forward to working with you
I was ing look forward to hearing from you
They look up to you
My dear friend , I look forward to hearing from you
I look forward to hearing from your e-mail soon
In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
In Ethiopia , I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , and I occasionally cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other traditional dishes of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many well-known restaurant .
In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famed restaurant .
This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
This is an article about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
This is an esay about one of my favourite sports , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a kid because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer .
This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it all by myself , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
He became so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
He got so enraged that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
He got so mad that he asked her to leave his apartment .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his house .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his private room .
There are many local foods very popular .
There are some local foods very popular .
I am sure that there are many local foods very popular .
There are many local foods very popular for the party .
I prepd are many local foods very popular .
There are many local foods very popular to appreciate .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Lima is a lovely city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Rio de Janeiro is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a variety of historical , modern and business places .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business areas .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find the charm of historical , modern and business places .
Interviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Interviewers have to deal with tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Interviewers have to cope with tight timetable everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Interviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late .
Interviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they do not have time to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Interviewers have to cope with busy schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
To improove the rail service trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
To improove the rail service trains must be timed to arrive and depart at key times i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
To improove the rail way service trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
To improove the rail service trains have got to be timed to arrive and leave at key times i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
To improove the rail service trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and depart at half past six .
To improove the rail service trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at agreed times i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
All around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .
Kids all over the world are waiting for finishing school .
All around the world students are waiting for finishing school .
All around the world pupils were waiting for finishing school .
All around the world pupils are eagerly waiting for finishing school .
All around the world primary school students are waiting for finishing school .
No one can assure such a thing .
No one can assure such a result .
No one can assure his sfety a .
No one can assure the best services .
No one can assure complete firness .
No one can assure such a thing would never happen again .
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
I live in Lentini , which is a small city in East Sicily .
I live in Lentini , a beautiful city in East Sicily .
I live in Lentini , a nice city in East Sicily .
I live in Lentini , a comfortable city in East Sicily .
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily, where people are friendly .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like spending time with the children .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the students .
I am interested in this work because I like travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling around and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children of any ange .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had lunch at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her mind , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was cheap .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was expensive .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was too expensive to afford.
I like to speak with my team partners .
I like to communicate with my team partners .
I like to talk with my team partners .
I prefer to speak with my team partners .
I choose to speak with my team partners .
I like to speak with my team partners during class.
You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
You can have a personal computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
You can buy a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you go .
You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every corner you visit .
You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you want to go .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
Unlike common understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word actually means .
Unlike widespread understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
Unlike ordinary understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word readers to .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
What people have also become aware of , is the enormous power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
What people have also become aware of , is the massive power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain groups .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain teams .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain group of people .
In the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
In the second of the world wars , the match was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
In the second of the world wars , the competition was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
In the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most horrible , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
In the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most deadly , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
In the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever seen before .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to write things quickly .
Apart from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
Aside from being able to get great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
Aside from being able to obtain great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to edit things in an efficient way .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
These recommendations could work if Congress had some support .
These regulations could work if Congress had some support .
These suggestions could work if Congress had some support .
These proposals could work if Congress had some assistance .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support from citizens .
What a wonderful day ! There is an April now and finally spring came .
What a great day ! There is an April now and finally spring came .
What a nice day ! There is an April now and finally spring came .
What a wonderful season ! There is an April now and finally spring came .
What a wonderful day ! There is an March now and finally spring came .
What a wonderful day ! There is an April now and finally the most comfortable season came .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
The computer renovation has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew before !
The computer revolution has not made our minds redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
The technology revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
The computer revolution has not made our brains out of function , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
The key is probably in the classroom .
The key is probably in the living room .
The key is probably in the kitchen .
The key is possibly in the classroom .
The book is probably in the classroom .
The key is probably in the corner of the classroom .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and make money before you start university .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn much money before you start university .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you enter university .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start learning skills .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start your vacation .
I will also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
I will also advise reading more about that sport on cricinfo.com .
I will also suggest reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
I will also advise learning more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
I will also advise reading more information about cricket on cricinfo.com .
I will also recommend reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
For example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
For instance , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
For example , greenhouse gas which is created by car .
For example , greenhouse emission which is created by car .
For example , carbon dioxide which is often created by car .
For example , carbon dioxide which is created by car is harmful.
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be dealt. with perfectly by exploiting some new areas .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by utilising some new areas .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploring some new areas .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new places .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting more spaces .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have numerous benefits for the countries involved .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the members involved .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries engaged .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have many benefits for the countries involved .
There is surely an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Firms , because of being able to gather their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Firms , because of being able to utilize their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more money to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Firms , because of being able to make the best use of their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve their quality .
He has ever been with me .
He has ever been with me for a long ti .
He has ever been with me for a week .
He has ever been friendly with me .
He has ever been with other people .
He has ever been with me the last Valentine's Day .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to clubbing with you .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to camping with you .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to hiking with you .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to clubbing with my friends .
I 'd like to visit palaces , monuments and going to clubbing with you .
I 'd like to visit museums on rainy days , monuments and going to clubbing with you .
The terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
The terrible results , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
The bad consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
The terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfactory heart .
The terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' discontented heart .
The terrible consequences for our society , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : Please , keep the secret .
I am sure that you will love it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : Please , keep the secret .
I can make sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : Please , keep the secret .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I have to ask you a favour : Please , keep the secret .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : Please , keep to yourself .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : Please tell none , keep the secret .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would think .
Let us consider how a professional player would feel .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel about it .
Let us think about how a professional boxer would feel .
Let us consider how such testing requirements can be satisfied .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
As long as one has a well - developed knowledge of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for knowing the world we live in .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent means for understanding the world we live in .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , mobile phone can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in , which is big and wide .
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to substitute fossil fuels .
In my opinion , electric energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
In my opinion , renewable energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
In my opinion , solar energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace large amounts of fossil fuels .
She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one purposefully .
She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one without my permission .
She went there and thera was the doll with scissors in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
She went there and thera was the doll with a cutting knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
She went to the park and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
Probably not , but they are many people in show - busines or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Probably not , but they are many people in show - busines or political life , who are prepared to do everything to save their private life .
Probably not , but they are many people in show - busines or political life , who are ready to do everything to protect their private life .
Probably not , but they are many people in show - busines or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their great life .
Probably not , but they are many people in show - busines or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private room .
Probably not over , but they are many people in show - busines or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
In the minority works , the dispute and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine manage to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other countries .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Club fight against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
In ethnic works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
For As I have said before , there is no fire !
For As I have told before , there is no fire !
For As I have said before , no fire here !
For As I said before , there is no fire !
For As I have said yesterday , there is no fire !
For As I have said before , there is no possibility of burning !
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
before about 40 years there was no public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even convenient facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility for people to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of questions but they were able to solve it by the end
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people seldom owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of how to bank notes .
All in all , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
In conclusion , the diagram shows a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a explicit instruction of making bank notes .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit procedure of making bank notes .
However there are brilliant games for children .
However there are brilliant games for kids .
However there are wonderful games for children .
However there are also brilliant games for children .
However we have brilliant games for children .
However there are developmental games for children .
If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect rezult .
If she had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
If I did n't had such an organized plan , I would not get such a perfect score .
If I had n't had such an organized plan before , I would never have got such a perfect score .
If I had n't had such a perfect plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
The real problem comes when this entertainment become in an addiction that can destroy our lives .
The real problem comes when this entertainment become in an addiction that can ruin our lives .
When this entertainment become in an addiction can destroy our lives , the real problem comes .
The real problem comes when this kind of entertainment become in an addiction that can destroy our lives .
The serious problem comes when this entertainment become in an addiction that can destroy our lives .
The real problem comes when this entertainment become in an addiction that can destroy our family relationship .
Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
Most of celebrities follow this rule , because it is just what they live for .
Most of people follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
Most of celebrities follow this strictly , as it is just what they are living for .
Most of celebrities follow this normal rule , as it is just what they are living for .
Most of famous people follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
Green time in my town is really fantastic .
Green time in my town is favored by every one .
Green time in my home town is really fantastic .
Green time in my town has been really fantastic .
The green time in my town is really fantastic .
Green time in my town is really attractive for young people .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
As they own specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
Since they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , this helps people to spend on highways or even in shops or restaurants within the city etc .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less time in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
As they have fixed routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
Mel looked at Tom angrily , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
Mel gazed sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm already pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of home .
Mel looked at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home with tears on my face .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
The lack of sight from our leaders is definitely appalling .
The lack of sight from our boss is almost appalling .
The lack of sight from our managers is almost appalling .
The lack of sight from our guiders is almost appalling .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost electric .
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
Sharing houses or rooms have many benefits such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with friends . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because yearly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing daily transportation 's costs
Sharing houses , taxis and other activities have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Although , I had n't met him a second time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I realized that I inherited a good deal of money .
Although , I had n't met him a single time before , this letter was his last will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I happened to know that I inherited a good deal of money .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and testament , and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
In cows it is commonly know as mad cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
In cows it is commonly know as mad cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs must be killed and not sold for meat .
In cows it is commonly know as mad cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for money .
In cows it is commonly know as mad cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold to ustomers .
In cows it is commonly know as mad cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold in market .
In cows it is commonly know as mad cow disease or bovine spongiform encephalopathy and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
I feel this has really made people think about their personalities .
I feel this has really made people think about their real situations .
I feel this has really made people care about their actions .
I feel this has really made people worry about their actions .
I feel this has really made people think about other people .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will like the sport .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will choose the sport .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will start to enjoy the sport .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the process .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport , which is an interesting story .
People have also become concerned with nature .
People have also become concerned with environment .
People have also become concerned with natural condition .
People have also become concerned with energy .
People have also become concerned with the use of energy .
People have also become concerned with other kind of pollution .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe process .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe procedure .
All precautions are taken to ensure a successful fight .
All measures are taken to ensure a safe fight .
All precautions and preparation steps are taken to ensure a safe fight .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
They are affected by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural scenery of the Yorkshire .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the beautiful landscape of the Yorkshire .
They are changed by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
They are very easy to be influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
One lost ball can make your team the loser of the game .
One lost ball can make your group the loser of the game .
One lost ball can make your team the winner of the game .
One lost ball can make your team the final winner of the game .
One lost ball can make your team the loser of the match .
In the game of love , one lost ball can make your team the loser of the game .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and very delicious .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like a sandal but bigger and very delicious .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but with size bigger and very delicious .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and very scrumptious .
You ca n't leave there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and very delicious .
You can't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and very tasty .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
1 . Reproductive treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menstrual women .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal or pregnant women .
1 . Treatments for the related fertility issues should not be given to post - menopausal women .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be prohibited to post - menopausal women .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
The stories told in this type of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
The stories told in this genre of literature , nevertheless , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most concernful aspect of Ethnic American literature .
The stories narrated in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , tended to be the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield er role .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role and is a soccer icon .
I am a very good basketball player who plays a midfield role .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role with outstanding skills .
I am a very excellent soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
Last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is not allowed when driving .
Last but not the least , public transport such as bus and taxi allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
Last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving , such as watching TV shows and so on .
Last but not the least , public transport enables people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
Last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is necessary when driving .
He is the most important people of my life .
He is the most concernful people of my life .
He is the most important people of my life , in particular my student .
He is the most important people of my life after graduation .
Undeniably , he is the most important people of my life .
He is the most unforgetable people of my school life .
I live in New Eltham .
I live in the centre of New Eltham .
I live in New Eltham for a long time .
I live in New Eltham with my family .
I live in New Eltham . I love it
I live in New Eltham alone .
The longer we burry our heads in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
The longer we burry our heads in sand , the warmer our hearts will be .
The longer we burry our feet in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
The longer we burry our heads in soil , the warmer the Earth will be .
The longer we burry our heads in ocean , the warmer the Earth will be .
The longer we burry our heads in sand , the more changeable the weather will be .
Let me watch your house .
Let me watch your eyes .
Will you let me watch your house ?
Let me watch your passport , please .
Let me watch your customs declaration form .
Let me watch your big villa .
It is ruined through the ages , but now people understand his importance and take care of it .
It is ruined by the lapse of time , but now people understand his importance and take care of it .
It is ruined through the ages , but now people understand his cultural significance and take care of it .
It is ruined through the ages , but now people understand his importance and pay attention to it .
It is blown away through the ages , but now people understand his importance and protect it .
It is ruined through the ages , but now people understand his importance and pay more attention to it .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , hence , the products of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , thus , the products of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as just the result of years of oppression .
However , such resistance can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree with this issue .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree with this decision .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree with this option .
All historians , reporters , scientists agree with this .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree with this opinion that the solution works .
What they will do in future they see , like in a fogg .
What they will plan to do in future they see , like in a fogg .
What they will do in the far future they see , like in a fogg .
What they will deal with in future they see , like in a fogg .
What they will do with in future they see , like in a fogg .
What they are going to do in future they see , like in a fogg .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just got acquainted .
The other point is when it comes to personal issues , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just got acquainted .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it as a secret since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just got acquainted .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inproper to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just got acquainted .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just got amiliar .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is weird and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just got acquainted .
And that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
And that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in city and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
And that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in the living place and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
And that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be better to change the ones we have for underground ones .
And that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be more proper to change the ones we have for underground ones .
And that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have with underground ones .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
Their efforts and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different period -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Finally , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
Their difficulties and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different path -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
Waiting for your answer , Eider
Waiting for your solution , Eider
Waiting for your correct answer , Eider
Waiting for your proper solution , Eider
Waiting for your reply , Eider
Waiting for your answer , Eider . Hope to reply as soon as possible.
Sadly , Pip has no fortune in any possible way .
Sadly , Pip has no money in any possible way .
Sadly , Pip has no savings in any possible way .
Sadly , Pip has no chances in any possible way .
Sadly , Pip has no opportunities in any possible way .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune in any possible way , it's a tale of a tube .
I work for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
I work for the same large factory for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
I work for the same large orporation for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
I work for the same large company for 25 years , now is the right time to change and find new job opportunities .
I work for the same large company for 25 years , now is the proper time to change and find new job opportunities .
I work for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and look for new job opportunities .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
Ethnic American literature manages to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing several aspects of different American culture .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of colorful American culture .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of various American culture .
Ethnic American literature tries to combat this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
Also I think swim can keep our body healthy and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel comfortable when it is in a hot day .
Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the those people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
Also I think swim can make our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot outside .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The organic waste is gathered every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up twice a day .
The organic waste is collected every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The organic trash is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is catrgorised every other day .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
I often play basketball at the gym in the morning .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the afternoon .
I usually play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
I often play soccer at the stadium in the morning .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning when there are no people .
As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
Just as Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
As Jack said " se hace camino al andar " .
As Mike said " se hace camino al andar " .
As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " in a lod voice .
For instance , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
For example , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
For instance , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the nature .
For instance , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual largely because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
For instance , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
For instance , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural world .
Along the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
Along the course I had to complete some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
Along the course I had to accomplish some writing tasks and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
Along the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be checked by my peers .
Along the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my partners .
Along the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be judged by my peers .
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
My name is Fouad and I would like to discuss my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most interesting sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a month since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
My name is Fouad and I would like to introduce my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my joy with this sport are as follows :
A girl was walking home one day .
A girl was walking on the road one day .
A girl was walking beside the river one day .
A girl was walking on the street one day .
A girl was walking home one evening .
A girl was walking home alone one day .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
But if I had the opportunity to change the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of these problems .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to deal with all of this .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to confront all of this .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this by myself .
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor quickly
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor as soon as you can
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor this afternoon
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor by yourself
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor is attached
I went with my parents and my sister .
I went with my friends and my sister .
I went to the park with my parents and my sister .
I travelled with my parents and my sister .
I went to the museum with my parents and my sister .
I went with my parents , my sister and a few others .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
Just your alary paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I wanted , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I deserved , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 dollars more than the existing wage basis .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I'd like to ask for a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
Each person needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
Each of us needs a mode of transport to earn our daily living .
Everybody needs a type of transport to earn their daily living .
Everybody needs a mode of working to earn their daily living .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living , including travelling and commuting .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Firstly it 'll allow young students to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying term .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to have fun after the first hard - work studying period .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to relax after the first hard - work studying period .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to relax their body and mind well after the first hard - work studying period .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
Relaxation 's , sleeping 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
Relaxation 's , rest 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
Relaxation 's , running 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
Relaxation 's , swimming 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , working , reading , kitchen 's zones and so on .
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the houses are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waitresses are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the servers are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the bartenders are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell , the shop manager is dressed like a captain , and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people in a shared room .
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another strangers .
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people who they don’t know .
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more money for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money and energy , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing unique .
Each team has its peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing unique .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing special .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing outstanding .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing popular .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes in the process of writing that make it 's writing unique .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
To look at things on a more individual level , each member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should reduce .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase largely .
To look at things on a more personal level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living and welfare should increase .
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different culture .
This research looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
This report looks at the best places of interest to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
This report looks at the best places to travel in Dublin for young people from a different country .
This report looks at one of the best places to visit and study in Dublin for young people from a different country .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
Nevertheless , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
However , as a bus or taxi driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
However , as a driver you always have to be concentrated and watch out on the route .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out for the condition of route .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and focus on the route .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging according to Belcher .
Facing these research data and consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging according to Belcher .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming of experimental environment would be even more damaging according to Belcher .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more deleterious according to Belcher .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging to the petri dish according to Belcher .
Facing these results , a 4C warming would be even more damaging according to Belcher .
Canada , and especially the USA , can boast .
Canada , and especially the USA , can preen themselves .
Many economic powerhouses , and especially the USA , can boast .
Canada , and especially the USA , can boast and their economic power .
Canada , and especially the USA , can boast . And it is worth saying that ordinary people are usually far from high art .
Canada , and especially the USA , can boast to other countries.
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habit in Spain .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common phenomenon in Spain .
Cycling to university or school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habit in Spain .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other open field activity it is not a common habit in Spain .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a hackneyed habit in Spain .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common hobby in Spain .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the La Nina and polar vortex climate phenomenon .
At the same time , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about whittling down the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the growing carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions along with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
In my opinion the police should stop the Vandalisme .
In my worldview the police should stop the Vandalisme .
In my opinion the government should stop the Vandalisme .
In my opinion the police should put relevant policies to stop the Vandalisme .
In my opinion the police should hold back the Vandalisme .
In my opinion the police should end the Vandalisme .
When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
When all was ready , they started their trip to the forest .
When all was set , they started wittering on about their last trip to the forest .
When all was set , they started their trip to the Provence .
When all was set , they started to plan their trip to the forest .
When all was completed , they started their trip to the forest .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
Constructed with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the facades of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
Built with recyclable or recycled eco-friendly materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be illuminated by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of the Polish history and culture .
It is a breeding ground for a thousand years of the Polish history and culture .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of the Polish wounded history and culture .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of the Polish history and cowering society .
It has become a symbol of a thousand years of the Polish history and culture .
It is an important symbol of a thousand years of the Polish history and culture .
It 's just near your house or your office .
It 's just near your house or your office , which is convenient to commute
It 's just near your house or your office . And there are tigers and lions in it
It 's just near your house or your office as we did or let it stand alone in the garden . .
It 's just near your house or your school .
It 's just on the opposite of your house or your office .
We need not to cram English words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
We need not to cram new words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
We need not to cram any words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
We need not to cram English words today , as we can easily find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
We need not to cram English words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our learning machines .
We need not to cram English words or learn English words by rote today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Despite the result of a NASA study indicating that there would have been an ice mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , because the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the research has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been disproved by 57 other studies .
I love to play cricket .
I love to play soccer .
I love to play cricket every day .
I love to play cricket with my friend .
I love to play cricket with my sister .
As a cricketer first and last I love to play cricket .
I 'm not agree with this idea completely .
I 'm not agree with this thought completely .
I 'm not agree with this kind of way completely .
I 'm not agree with this method completely .
I 'm not agree with this solution completely .
I 'm not necessarily agree with this idea completely .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key goals , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to know people will be happier , get on better .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key purposes , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for each person to understand people will be happier , get on better .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , the idea being that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's left hand .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's right hand .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound ed hands .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound ed legs .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and applied it to Winnie 's wound .
We set our clock forward one hour in March .
We set our clock forward one hour in April .
We set our clock forward one minute in March .
We set our clock backward one hour in March .
We set our clock forward two hour s in March .
We set our clock forward one hour in March to enjoy the last joy .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons which were different from dry and wet periods .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three different seasons compared to dry or wet period .
The brilliant Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
The clever Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to the dry or wet period .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons based on drought or wetness .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that phone number .
A week passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
A month passed by before she finally had the courage to dial that number .
A month passed by before she decided to dial that number .
Amidst the passing of time , she had the courage to dial that number .
The fact remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
The fact remains that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe, which is unchngeable.
The truth remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
The reality remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
The fact remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be only a Single Europe .
The fact remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a multicultural world .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds best pizza .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds best cake .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds best sausage .
The walls are covered with trophies and pictures for the worlds best pizza .
The walls are covered with trophies and photos for the worlds best pizza .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds most delicious pizza .
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
But when I was a kid I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
But when I was a teenager I began to live scenarios that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for example , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
But when I was a young student I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me with others .
what a file is ? "
what a report is ? "
what a file is about ? "
what does a file mean ? "
what does a file contain ? "
what a document is ? "
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
In fact , about 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres citizens are said to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to categorize and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their garbage taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue garbage bins in every street .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Another benefit for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise consciousness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among inhabitants and governments for heritage preservation .
Another advantage for a place of interest to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Another advantage for a scenic spot to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
It is up to the average person to decide if this option will be for the better or worse .
It is up to the average person to decide if this solution will be for the better or worse .
It is up to the average customer to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
It is up to the normal people to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
It is up to the expert to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
Moreover , I think before any kind of exercises that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do stretching that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our muscles first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our body parts first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will be easily to be hurted while we are doing any sports .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her companion .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I advise that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her companion .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her partner .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her guide .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her tour guide .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone well with his or her tour guide .
With this going on the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
With this going on the people taking part will be in danger , and on the streets .
With this going on the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the roads .
With this going on the people participating in will be dangerous , and on the streets .
With this going on the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the scene .
With this going on longer the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has separated them apart .
It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among young people which has torn them apart .
It has caused a lot of biases and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
It has formed a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among participants which has torn them apart .
For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time they just concern own subjects .
For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time they just concern own issues .
For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time they just concern own jobs .
For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time they just concern own lives .
For example they know all details about each helper 's jobs but on the same time they just concern own subjects .
For instance they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time they just concern own subjects .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any opportunity for us to speak out .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to discuss it .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to explain it .
I could n't imagine the leader and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
I could n't imagine in our real life that the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely .
Science fiction often describes future as the world where cars are used freely .
Science fiction often portraits future as the world where cars are used freely .
Science fiction often depicts future as the world where robots are used freely .
Science fiction often depicts future as the world where planes are used freely .
Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely and even fly in the sky .
In the 20th Century radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
In the 20th Century social media has become a source of information and entertainment .
In the 20th Century websites have become a source of information and entertainment .
In the 20th Century mobile phone has become a source of information and entertainment .
In the 20th Century application has become a source of information and entertainment .
In the 20th Century radio has become a source of information and entertainment and airplanes replaced trains for long distance travel .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
African American literature is often pleasant and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic imitating their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic mirroring their irreplaceable achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic mirroring their similar accomplishments in Jazzy and Blues music .
African American literature is often harmonious and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
It is a list of things that you want to do before you get married .
It is a list of things that you have to do before you die .
It is a list of things that you want to do before you travel .
It is a list of things that you want to do before you retire .
It is a list of things or wishes that you want to do before you die .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
But i was so angry at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he devoted 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be cheerful i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a sad life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
But i was so out of my mind and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
That weather was partly cloudy .
That weather was partly rainy .
That day was partly cloudy .
That weather was largely cloudy .
That weather was partly windy .
That weather was partly cloudy for solar power startups last week .
However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
However , the technology is progressing and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
However , the technology is improving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting better .
However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting more advanced .
However , the technology is evolving as we speak and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , decent , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British streets .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to travelers , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the stress of the overloaded British roads .
Public transport is seen as the main solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads .
My name is Dmitry Lavrov .
My name is Dmitry Lavrov , your Lordship .
We haven't been introduced . My name is Dmitry Lavrov .
My name is Dmitry Lavrov . What's yours ?
By the way , my name is Dmitry Lavrov .
My name is Dmitry Lavrov, given by my father .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taken .
One time per week on Wednesday or Thursday , robbish are taken .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taken and taken away .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taken by the sanitation workers .
One time per week on Wednesday , I remember robbish are taken .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taken by my uncle.
Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
Various factories that emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air must buy credits .
Various factories emit carbon dioxide beyond their quota into the air .
Various factories emit excessive contaminants into the air .
Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air , which is damaging to the environment .
Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air without correct disposal.
First reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
First restraint is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
First reason is its speed , compare to both other means of public transit it can travel faster .
First reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster and spend less time .
First reason is its speed , compare to both other ways of transportation it can travel faster .
First reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel safer .
The are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
The are not sturdy enough and if captured could be raped .
The are not strong enough and if captured could be killed .
The are not strong enough and if captured could be exiled .
The are not strong enough to stay up and if captured could be raped .
The are not strong enough and if captured could be raped by strangers.
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The effects of talent drain age are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people eligible for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is difficult to maintain as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of skilled talent contributing to the economy .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people suitable for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
I think is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
I think is kind of sad , that I do n't know what kind of person I want to be , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
I think is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do in the future , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
I think is kind of woeful , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
I think is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly engage myself .
I think is kind of misery , that I don't know what I want to do , I don't know what makes me truly happy .
Today 's new things become things of past in few months .
Today 's new things become things of memory in few months .
Today 's impressed things become things of past in few months .
Today 's happiness or sadness become s things of past in few months .
Today 's new things eventually become things of past in few months .
Today 's new things become things of past in few weeks .
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
I 've already shared with you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
I 've already mentioned to you how much happiness I had there and why it was great !
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was unforgettable !
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it attracted me !
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was unforgettable for every participant !
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
If people do n't use mass transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car to commute , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live or work .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny you want to get is far from the place where you live .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you want to go .
Gone is the age that the woman is required to stay home .
Gone is the age that the girls is required to stay home .
Gone is the age that the woman is required to stay home all their life .
Gone is the age that the woman is required to stay at their rooms before getting married .
Gone is the age that the woman is required to stay home every day .
Gone are the days that the woman is required to stay home .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart is pounding since I was worried about Winnie .
I was trembling like a leaf and my heart is pounding since I was worried about Winnie .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart is beating since I was worried about Winnie .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart is pounding since I felt anxious worried Winnie .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart is pounding since I was concerned about Winnie .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart is pounding since I was worried about Winnie's safety .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the street .
So why do we still persist in traveling on the road .
So why do we still persevere in travelling on the road .
So why do we still adhere to traveling on the road .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road rather than in the ocean .
The women has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
The women has 2 X chromosomes altogether and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
The women has 2 X chromosomes in her body and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
The women has 2 X chromosomes , however the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
The women has 2 X chromosomes while the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
The physical difference is that women has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether the consciousness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more examples , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always serious .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages have been analysed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or there is greater awareness of the disease , but more cases , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
At first , I read the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
At first , I had observed the letter carefully , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
At first , I had observed the paper cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
At first , I had observed the e-mail cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
When I found that letter , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
This is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
This is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic concepts .
This is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideologies .
This is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget fundamental ideas .
This is very time saving and efficient but it is making people forget basic ideas .
This is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic common sense .
In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticize expect that .
In my opinion , the transportation in our place have nothing to criticize expect that .
In my opinion , the transportation in our town have nothing to criticize expect that .
In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to improve expect that .
In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to condemn expect that .
In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticize apart from that .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would give rise to a loss of our sovereignty .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would contribute to a loss of our sovereignty .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our rights .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe as she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher did not intend to take Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
For example , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
For instance , by following famous people , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are organized by them .
For instance , by following celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are planned for them .
For instance , by following famous celebrities on Facebook , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
In either situation , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be hard to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to discuss their impact on people 's lives .
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their influences on people 's lives .
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's daily lives .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
As health is essential factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
As health is important factor in every sport so also have to improve health , stamina .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to better health , stamina .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to strengthen health , stamina .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , endurance .
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
As a result of this attitude , because Alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest towns in the area .
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great method , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , people enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest living environments in the area .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max said to himself as he got into bed that night .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the dog 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
When the day finished , Max and his friends went back to home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling joyful because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
When the day ended , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
The Technology will have progressed and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
The Technology will have developed and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by roads and computers will have totally changed .
The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and mobile phones will have totally changed .
The Technology will have advanced at a high speed and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long holiday , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned at school , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult lessons should be continually studying .
Students could receive a better , more interesting education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the key points they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which consists of national and international news .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which contains national and international news .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news that happened every day .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news around the world .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news happening in Britain.
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully intergrated with Europe .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no opportunity of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully intergrated with Europe .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever hoping to be fully intergrated with Europe .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be completely intergrated with Europe .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be totally intergrated with Europe .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no possibility of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully intergrated with Europe .
We realize that countries that which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
We realize that places that which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
We realize that countries that which have many powerful weapons have the power to destroy the world .
We realize that countries that which have many weapons have the throng power to destroy the world .
We realize that countries that which have many weapons have the power to destroy other people .
We realize that countries that which have many weapons have the power to fight against the world .
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am writing to apply for the position of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am writing to register for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am writing to claim the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am writing to apply for the job of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am writing a letter to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
If I were you and I had a completely winter to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the popular cities .
If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a cheap car in order to move between the cities .
If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a small in order to move between the cities .
If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the scenic spots .
Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on proposals ?
Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of leaders being unable to agree on policies ?
Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off due to politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being impossible to agree on policies ?
Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies made by the former leader ?
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to make of use the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the natural resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to utilise the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to take advantage of the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to make the best use of the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
Besides there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
Besides there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own house .
Besides there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own computer .
What’s more there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
Besides there are lots of low income young people who ca n't buy their own car .
Besides there are lots of low income people who can't buy their own apartment .
Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to take care of my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the summer holidays and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very humorous , always awake and ready to work hard .
Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awake and prepared to work hard .
Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am full of energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
Today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more chances to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
Today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other countries , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
Today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in books , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
Today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in words , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
Today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other foreign cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
Travelling by car is more comfortable in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
Travelling by car is more efficient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be troublesome for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
Travelling by private car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , while it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
Next to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
Next to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long holiday .
Next to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study but homework in the long vacation .
Next to go would be , students get used to relax by having no tasks and homework in the long vacation .
Next to go would be , middle school students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
Next to go would be , students get used to relax by having no after-class lessons and homework in the long vacation .
secondly these mode of transportation covers
secondly these mode of transportation includes
secondly these mode of transportation contains
secondly these type of transportation covers
secondly these kind of transportation covers
secondly these mode of transportation costs less
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily bases .
The leaders and presidents of companies such as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily bases .
The leaders and presidents of corporations such as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily bases .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , made by satellite dish , on a daily bases .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a monthly bases .
The leaders and presidents of big companies such as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily bases .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .
To my view , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the key element that push the whole story to the climax .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the element which push the whole story to the climax .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the best part .
To my mind , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .
Whenever a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
Every time a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
Whenever a n important movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
Whenever a movement is began be it political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
Whenever a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick ly form ed .
Whenever a student movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
At last , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month seems pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly which it is usual at this time of year .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is the same as this time of year .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is common at this time of year .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
Althoughcars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
Even though cars could provide us with so many of the benefits mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
Even though cars could bring us so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of taking public transport should not be neglected .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected by us.
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
Then , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
After that , it comes to the most essential stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
After that , it comes to the most critical stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect whether the quality of the printed sheets are qualified .
After that , it comes to the most significant period , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Please , tell me the information as soon as possible .
Please , give me the information as soon as possible .
Please , give me a feedback as soon as possible .
Please , answer me with the information at your earliest convenience .
Please , answer me with the information you can get as soon as possible .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
Their buildings are unique and beautiful .
Their architecture is special and beautiful .
Their architecture is unique and magnificent .
Their architecture is unique and exquisite .
Their architecture looks unique and beautiful .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
Not just the news , but entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an essential practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , just like through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people get to know different messages about life .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical usage of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
Michael was a child when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
When Michael was a little kid , he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
Michael was a little kid when he had a great dream that was : Be a super hero !
Michael was young when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero after a night !
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to race and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest and farthest of the family and have a lot of spots .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have many spots .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a large amount of spots .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the whole family and have a lot of spots .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In this way the travelers would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In this way the visitors would be able to taste Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our city .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican dish with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food which has less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts quickly .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts immediately .
Facing the murder directly makes the terror penetrates into our hearts .
Facing the murder directly makes the fear penetrates into our hearts .
Confronting the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts .
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching films .
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching movies .
The doorbell rang loudly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep unconsciously on the couch watching TV .
The doorbell rang suddenly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets indicates that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets shows that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of messages and ideas .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and thoughts .
As well , the fact that so many people ( particularly in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
He thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He thought it 's much easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He thought it 's easier to run away and avoid this conversation with her .
He thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this kind of communication with her .
He thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her parents .
He believed it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of lessons and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the most excellent researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
I am interested in scientific research and interpreting information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing data so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
I am particularly interested in scientific research and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numerical calculations quickly .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numerical calculations efficiently .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and many scientists for making numerical calculations .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numerical calculations in an effective way .
The most representative example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
For instance , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was announced , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were sad because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actors was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unsatisfied because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
They were ready to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own rights as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be important to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political power .
They were prepared to give up as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
Another thing to add is not being nervous before the exam night .
Another thing to add is not being afraid before the exam night .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the taking exam night .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before doing a test night .
Another thing to add is not being anxious before the exam night .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the term .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of each semester .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat instructing the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat explaining the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America again and again before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
It is a city that keeps its history through an terrific architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can celebrate this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you get to know the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , extraordinary festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious energy which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He was waiting 2 hours for her friends .
He was waiting 2 hours for her at the bus station .
He was waiting 2 hours for her at the railway station .
He was waiting 2 hours for her at his home .
He was waiting another 2 hours for her .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
In 30 years we will have changed our body , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
In 30 years we will have changed our body condition , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have thawed totally .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have disappeared totally .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally in the future .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across the city all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town all the way to the capital -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is shown on the website .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is shown on the internet .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in other parts of the world can watch this event as it is happening .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
I got curious about this city and decided to go later .
I got curious about this place and decided to go to there with my friends .
I got curious about this place and decided to go to there alone .
I got curious about this beautiful place and decided to go later .
I got curious about this place and decided to go immediately .
Travalling by car is also much more convenient .
Travalling by car is also much more comfortable .
Travalling by plane is also much more convenient .
Travalling by train is also much more convenient .
Travalling by car is also much faster .
Travalling by car is also much more convenient for a family.
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
This kind of ignorant thinking is turning us apart .
This kind of negative thinking is breaking us apart .
This kind of ineffective thinking is breaking us apart .
This kind of ignorant thought is breaking us apart .
This kind of different thinking is breaking us apart .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't completed and are included in your exam .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are contained in your exam .
What is not acceptable at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
What is not normal at all is having stress due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety thanks to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
The athletic representative passed the torch and we sang the anthem .
The athletic representative lighted the torch and we sang the anthem .
The athletic delegate pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
The athletic representative pasted the torch carefully and we sang the anthem .
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem in a low voice.
People were so envious ... I liked it!It was fantastic experience .
People were so jealous ... I liked it!It was fantastic experience .
People were so envious ... I liked it!It was fantastic life experience .
People were so envious ... I liked it!It was fantastic lesson .
People were so envious ... I liked it!It was fantastic trip .
People were so envious ... I appreciated it!It was fantastic experience .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his final goal and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight winner of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him go back to to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries later in his career .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate purpose and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
» says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
» says a 17 - 22 years old girl .
» says a 17 - 22 years old student .
» says a 17 - 22 years old shy boy .
» says a 17 - 22 years old tall boy .
» says a 17 - 22 years old funny boy .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I like travelling and visiting new cities in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of meetings in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is an opportunity for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and progress my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I joined in a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the college .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands toward our teachers when we left the school .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands toward the crowd when we left the school .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands slowly when we left the school .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the cinema.
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus the help of computers .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of robots .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of a wireless line .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of workers .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the trade would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a universal issue .
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global concern .
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is an interntionl issue .
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global problem .
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a national issue .
All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
All I know is that this novel will not have a happy ending .
All I know is that this passage will not have a happy ending .
All I know is that this short story will not have a happy ending .
All I know is that this story will not have a good ending .
All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending for the couple .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the chance to witness it first hand .
Even though I would watch the news and read about foreign cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
Even though I would read the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
Even though I would watch the daily news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
Even though I would watch the news online and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the chance of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of going to countries with cultures very different from their own .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of traveling to countries with cultures very different from their own .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting scenic spots with cultures very different from their own .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own in many aspects .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
Public transport usually is restrected with the strict timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
Public transport usually is restrected with the inconvenient timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the car timetable let you .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the bus timetable let you .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and we only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let we .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get angry and she wanted revenge .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted to take vengeance .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very perplexed but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very puzzled but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
One day Penny found it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and began to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some useful information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i stick to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his thought and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would make him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our playgrounds and rivers .
We are now preparing for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our pools and rivers .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our roads and rivers .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
All the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
All the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the order of the city .
All the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the environment of the municipality .
All the household near the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
All the household nearby the public streets throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
All the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can choose any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can just go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , tennis , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , football , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Now days there 's a large number of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
his parents were worried and called he a couple of times .
his parents were worried and called he a couple of times in a short period of time .
his parents were worried and called he a couple of in one hour .
his parents were nervous and called he a couple of times .
his parents were concerned and called he a couple of times .
his parents worried about him and called he a couple of times .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
As you know , Malta was a big blow right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
As you know , Malta was a heavy punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't want ! :( .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the right face , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
Just like you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
So I had n't have time for much .
So I had n't have time for more .
So I had n't have time for eating lunch .
So I had n't have time for playing games .
So I had n't have time for exercising .
So I had n't have time .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
They must look into the future and consider possible impacts .
They must look into the future and consider possible influences .
They must look into the future and think about possible effects .
They must look into the future and consider possible results .
They must look into the future and consider all possible effects .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .
In addition , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .
Also , people go out to collect the rubbish that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is in the park , on the church or in the principal places on the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the city .
People go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
The effects of this are uncontrollable .
The influences of this are unpredictable .
However, the effects of this are unpredictable .
What makes us worried is that the effects of this are unpredictable .
The effects are unpredictable .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
Nevertheless , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
However , I would like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
However , I like to be a volunteer on wonderful projects .
However , I like to be a volunteer in enjoyable charity .
I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Wszysycy who are residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , in order that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Wszysycy residents of my country , they try to , so that our country was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Wszysycy residents of my village , they take measures to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as much as possible .
I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I have a resolution to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase orgabizations .
The boy has the plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I have a plan to make a research of of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
For instance , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy choices .
For example , conducting what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by offering more privacy options .
Controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
You may consider my advice .
You may think about my advice .
You may consider my suggestion .
You may consider my suggestion .
You may take my advice into account .
I think you may consider my advice .
I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .
I am obsessed with cricket and have watched almost every match India played .
I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every game India played .
I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match that India played .
I followed cricket religiously and have watched every match India played .
I followed cricket and have watched almost every match India played .
Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can seldom stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
Yes it is no doubt that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
Yes it is true that during summer it is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun as you finish t be burn by the sun .
And yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
And who can safely say that after three centuries humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
And no one can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted .
And who can safely predict that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
In addition, who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
Who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
Despite these two being the most popular sports among atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
Even though these two sports are the most popular amongst atlets , many others are equally interesting and profitable .
Despite these two being the most fashionable sports amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst atlets , many more are just as exciting and profitable .
Despite these two being the most widespread sports amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
The country typically is against big change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause complications if it was to be altered .
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would generate problems if it was to be altered .
The country typically is opposed to major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be changed .
In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
In the Philippines , 85 percent people follow cricket .
In India , 85 percent people like cricket .
In India , 85 percent people follow squash .
In India , a number people follow cricket .
In India , 85 percent people follow cricket passionately.
My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was wonderful .
My father often took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
My father took me between his knies , because I could always drive without falling and it was fun .
My uncle took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was interesting .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public manner .
Everybody should develop the awareness of public manner .
Everyone should work on developing the awareness of public manner .
Everyone needs to develop the awareness of public manner .
Everyone should also develop the awareness of public manner .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public manner in public places .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
Consider an case of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes obsolete within few months after buying it .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest cellphone , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations is outdated within few months after buying it .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes out of fashion within few months after buying it .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
That is why I like the winter more than the summer .
That 's why I prefer the winter to the summer .
It 's the reason that I like the winter more than the summer .
That 's why I love the winter more than the summer .
That 's why I like the dog more than the cat .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
Eventually , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
Then , I understood the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
Then , I realised the boy standing on the street corner was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
Then , I realised the little boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix, the champion !
Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Archaeological sites , shores , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Archaeological sites , beaches , ravines , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Historical sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and wonderful experience .
Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and the scenery in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as the result that Turin is the home of FIAT , the well known factory .
But public transport in this town is yet more present , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
But private traffic in this town is yet more prevalent , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known plant .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory in the area.
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest to the job.
I have seen your advertisement on the Internet and I am writing to express an interest
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper so I am writing to express an interest
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in the job.
I have seen your advertisement on TV and I am writing to express an interest
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
Incidently , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are excellent , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , who are awesome .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing and awesome football players .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are professional , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo celebrates its San Froilán Fiestas .
Every year, from 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds San Froilán Fiestas .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its biggest festival, San Froilán Fiestas .
From 4th to 12th December Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
I like NewZealand because there are many islands .
I am crazy about NewZealand because there are many islands .
I like NewZealand since there are many islands .
I like NewZealand because there are many in New Zealand .
I like NewZealand because there are many charming islands .
I really like NewZealand because there are many islands .
Despite of changing channels we see the same news .
In spite of of changing channels we see the same news .
Although we have of changed channels we see the same news .
Despite of changing channels we still see the same news .
Despite of changing channels we see the same news that we just saw .
Despite of changing computers we see the same news .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he trusts he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is debated by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his antagonist out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specially go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , though this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
Therefore, we need your help with some questions about the process .
So we need your help by giving some questions about the process .
So we need you to help with some questions about the process .
So we need your help with some questions about the advance .
As a result, we need your help with some questions about the process .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
However, cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day , which contribute to the climate change .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and give rise to the climate change .
But cars pollute the air with tail gas every day and contribute to the climate change .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the globe warming.
To be honest , I am not sure .
Speaking frankly , I am not sure .
To be honest , I am un sure .
To be honest , I can't say for sure .
To tell the truth , I am not sure .
To be honest , I am still not sure .
If your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
If your friendship is not real , you wiil not always find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
If the friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion s .
If your friendship is real , there will always be point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
If your friendship is real , you will always find common ground between your opinion and your friend 's one .
If your friendship is real , you can find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Let us bath .
Let us bath .
Let the youngest kid bath .
Let the old bath .
Let them bath .
Let us bath under the sun .
Also the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
Also the mother may die of being old before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
Also the mother may die of old age before the child has led a pleasant life and this would be unfair to the child .
Also the mother may die of old age before the child has led a happy life and this would be unfair to the child .
Also the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unjust to the child .
Also the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unacceptable to the child .
When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are confronted with the dilemma of which places to visit .
When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to travel .
When planning their holiday a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
When planning their vacation a lot of travelers are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which hotel to order .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Since my mother tongue is English , despite of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a perfect candidate for the aforementioned position .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am the right candidate for the aforementioned position .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am an ideal candidate for the aforementioned position .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally thought as cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
You 're expected to know something about our corporation , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and interact effectively with interviewers .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with the boss .
You 're expected to know some details about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
You 're required to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens talk about a young boy known as Pip .
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy whose name is Pip .
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens describe a young boy known as Pip .
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a little boy known as Pip .
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip, who was kind .
Now we all live together .
Now we all live under the same roof .
Now we all live happily .
Now we all live in a comfortable way .
Now we all live the way we like .
Now we all live together in harmony .
Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you a suitable answer because I know how much you love both .
Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you a perfect answer because I know how much you love both .
Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been difficult to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer quickly because I know how much you love both .
Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how deeply you love both .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a n opportunity to develop knowledge .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop reading skills .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop hobby .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop reading abilities .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to broaden horizon .
So yes , the decision is made .
So yes , the decision is made by her parents .
So yes , the decision is made quickly .
So yes , the decision is made in a short time .
So yes , the decision is made after thinking carefully .
So yes , the decision is made without hesitation .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I am writing in response to your application for a job .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a position .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a post .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a n opportunity .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for an investment .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the happiest day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best time of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my entire life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions about the past and singing his songs .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs gently.
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language courses for example ?
Have you ever thought about how you can improve your language courses for example ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language lessons for example ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language courses quickly for example ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language ability for example ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language competences for example ?
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I also have an indubitable passion for attending extra - curricular activities .
I also have an indubitable passion for joining in extra - curricular activities .
I also have an undisputed passion for extra - curricular activities .
I also have a definite passion for extra - curricular activities .
I also have an indubitable desire for extra - curricular activities .
guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the pollution .
guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the environment pollution .
guide the people and giving them of infomation , instruction and guidelines about the pollution .
guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and explanations about the pollution .
guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the water pollution .
guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the air pollution .
Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is unaffordable .
Thirdly , only the building of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
Thirdly , only the establishment of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is very expensive .
Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is too expensive to afford.
Furthermore , most of them are students .
Furthermore , most of them are middle school students .
Furthermore , most of them are teenagers .
Furthermore , most of them are college students .
Furthermore , most of them are adults .
Furthermore , most of them are still students .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
Today our lives have become much more convenient than past , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to improvement mankind has made in technology .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to advancement mankind has made in technology .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to huge progress mankind has made in technology .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to progress mankind has made in innovation .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Other women , though , are happy that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Other women , though , are glad that the regulation in the United States stands as it does .
Other women , though , are glad that the law in the United States stands as it does .
Other women , though , are satisfied that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Other girls , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
More and more office jobs are being filled by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
More and more office jobs are being done by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
More and more office jobs are being occupied by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
More and more office jobs are being filled by the woman but a lot of the physical positions are still filled by men .
More and more office positions are being filled by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
More and more office jobs begin to be filled by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
In my point of view , the problem is very interesting .
In my opinion , the probelm is very fun.
In my opinion , the problem is very fascinating .
In my opinion , the problem is extremely interesting .
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting . However, you may not want to discuss it with me.
A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , which currently carries 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A later key activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A later crucial activity are the " Green Communities" , currently carrying 38% of the whole amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A later crucial activity is the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A later crucial activity are the government's advocacy of " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
The governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
The governments answer to the considerably increasing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
The governments response to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
The governments answer to the considerably growing traffic volume on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
The governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , hence more and more people are now driving .
The governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
Perhaps I found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements on it .
Maybe I found something helpful for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
Maybe I have found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
Finally I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
Finally I suggest that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
Finally I advise that you enjoy playing this wonderful sport .
Finally I sincerely advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
Finally I advise you to enjoy playing this awesome sport .
Eventually I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
To begin with you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance premiums， council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
First of all you need can afford the cost of buying it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
Firstly you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on, all of which are long-term expenses .
It will suit me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggresive .
It will suit me , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggresive .
Sometimes , it will suit me , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggresive .
It will suit me sometimes , and it even will be useful, but I also believe that sometimes I will find it aggresive .
It will suit me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will be aware of that it aggresive .
It will be suitable for me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggresive .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
I want to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the cemetery .
I would like to read a story about Pip ending as he starts , at the graveyard .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends from the beginning , at the graveyard .
I suddenly remembered a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
With the new discovery of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
Along with new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is an all time high .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high in history .
With these new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
With new discoveries of AIDS proposed by researchers, paranoia is at an all time high .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
if you dis like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
if you do n't like it you can choose to practise whatever sports .
if you do n't like it there are many choices to practise whatever sports .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports for you .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports, such as basketball and tennis .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
I can give you any advice on traveling and living in my country .
I can give you any suggestions on traveling and working in my country .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my hometown .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my place .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my factory .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in this country .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in France .
This is completely true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
This is totally true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
This is especially suitable of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of close friends they can lent him .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no savings . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of cousins they can lent him .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of relatives they can lent him .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he is lack of money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
She was really proud of him .
She was really proud of her son .
She was really proud of her daughter .
She felt really proud of him .
She was completely proud of him .
She was really proud of what he did .
There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily
There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe casually
There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe deeply
There is n't too feww air at the top of Everest to breathe easily
There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe as you like
There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of a mountain to breathe easily
Finally we arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
Finally we arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like an empty place .
In the end we arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
Finally we arrived to Niagara Falls city that appears like a ghost place .
Finally we arrived to Niagara Falls city that seems like a ghost place .
Finally the group of people arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
Beside this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
Beside this , Pip seems to be a patient and intelligent kid .
Beside this , Pip seems to be an introvert and intelligent kid .
Beside this , Pip seems to be a shy and clever kid .
Beside this , Pip seems to be a shy and smart kid .
Beside this , Pip looks like a shy and intelligent kid .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
I believe we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
I suppose we 'll see each other quickly and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this event .
I suppose we 'll meet each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this fantastic experience .
So , for sure having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
So , for sure having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your test .
So , for sure having sufficient time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
So , for sure having enough time to understand and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
So , for sure having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn there is going to help you a lot in your exam .
So , for sure having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your final exam .
The inability to cope with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
The inability to deal with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
The inability to cope with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the danger of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
The inability to cope with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly often in capacity traffic .
The inability to cope with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously decreases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
The inability to cope with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alarming as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls younger than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
When I was 10 I be choose to spend time with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't forget the experience .
When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls more friendly than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls more outgoing than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef .
However , people are genuinely afraid of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef .
However , people are genuinely scared of the spreading of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are prohibited from eating beef .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef directly .
However , people are genuinely scared of the spread of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . Because people need to leave the material world .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . Because people need to leave the material life .
When people find these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . Because people need to leave the material world .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more relaxed . Because people need to leave the material world .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more satisfied . Because people need to leave the material world .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . Because people need to leave the real world .
I think that dance is a way for self - expression .
I think that exercise is a way for self - expression .
I think that song is a way for self - expression .
I think that performance is a way for self - expression .
I think that dance is a way for self - entertainment .
I think that dance is a proper way for self - expression .
There are two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
There are two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is in good quality .
There are two swimming pool , two badminton court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
There are two swimming pool , two basketball court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
There are two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the diving class , and the equipment is provided .
There are two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided without charge.
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety equipment like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , medicines or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , swim rings or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , ambulance or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to go on .
We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your order .
We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your requirement .
We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your need .
We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the video conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your assistant to confirm your purchase .
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
Television has potential to offer great things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its audience , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for students , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
Television has capacity to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for its potential students , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money .
There has also been some controversy over the utilization of money .
There has also been some controversy over the distribution of money .
There has also been some controversy over the ssignment of money .
There has also been some controversy over the allotment of money .
There has also been some controversy over the allocation of fund .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a favor .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my boy friend gave me a flower .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a cup of coffee .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a piece of bread .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a bunch of flower .
In our modern world , many people are suffered from stress that spring from life conditions .
In our modern world , many people are suffered from stress that spring from living conditions .
In our world , many people are suffered from stress that spring from life conditions .
In our modern world , many people are suffered from too much that spring from life conditions .
, Many people are suffered from stress that spring from life conditions in our modern world .
In our modern world , many people are suffered from extreme stress that spring from life conditions .
The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was insane and crazy .
The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character is totally insane and crazy .
The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally already insane and crazy .
The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty gives us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the dramatis personae was totally insane and crazy .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
Such sacrifices will involve specific aspects of our sovereignty .
These sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
Such sacrifices will be d in involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
Such important sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
Such sacrifices during the war will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
Take care and see you very soon ,
Take care and I'll you very soon ,
Take care , see you very soon ,
Take care and see you soon ,
Take care of yourself and see you very soon ,
Take care that she does not fall and see you very soon ,
An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not have happen had the couple adopted .
An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside the body , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which makes the mother and baby bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and feel like apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
An in vitro Insemination allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
Buses are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
Buses are more simple - you just need to buy a ticket .
The bus is more simple - you just buy a ticket .
Buses are more simple - you buy a ticket .
Buses are more simple if you just buy a ticket .
Buses are more simple - you just buy a scratch-off lotto ticket .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners drunk driving .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are driving after drinking .
The reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
The main reason for this accident is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
The main reason is that people love the thrill when driving .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
It can be transmitted to humans by eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the affected brain and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain and meat which are affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
Mad cow disease can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
There are many ecological islands .
There are a lot of ecological islands .
There are many ecological islands and lakes .
There are many islands .
Many ecological islands here .
There are many ecological niches on one island .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
For the last two years I have joined the hiking group at the University .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming and basketball groups at the University .
For the last years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
During the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the Peking University .
Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right one .
Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the suitable person .
Perhaps , you 're curious about why I should be the right person .
Perhaps , you 're thinking why I should be the right person .
Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person for this position .
It 's because swim is really fun .
It 's because swim is beneficial .
It 's because swim is really good for your health .
It 's because swim is really interesting .
It 's because swim is really effective in losing weight .
It 's because swim is really effective for losing weight .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
For example , Google reported about Googlemobile .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile in detail .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile very quickly .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile last week .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile without pictures.
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
One part of him was really glad , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a doctor is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a teacher is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a dentist is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news timely.
I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
I think that someone drags some of the money on the night while everybody is sleeping .
I think that someone drags all of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is asleep .
I think that a thief drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is watching TV in the room .
I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very quickly and can dominate it .
I think that if I watch and learn how to make it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
I think that if I watch and learn how to manipulate it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
I think that if I watch and learn how to use it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very fast and can dominate it quickly .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change greatly in the next 50 years .
But I do n't think , only when there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
But I do n't think , unless there 's a third World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change considerably in the next 50 years .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another revolution , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one classmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
I still remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the saddest day of my life .
I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my previous life .
I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate decided to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
Due to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Due to this errors often exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Due to this mistakes frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Due to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers just because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Due to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because people are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Due to this errors do exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
It would be practically unreasonable to throw the computer away or never use it again .
It would be practically not a good decision to throw the computer away or never use it again .
It would be practically impossible to throw the iPad away or never use it again .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again in your life .
It would be practically unthinkable to throw the computer away or never use it again .
New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useless while others were not .
New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically effective while others were not .
New drugs were also synthesized ; some were tested to be medically useful while others were not .
New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically helpful while others were not .
New drugs were still analyzed ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
This way we made the most of us and never gave up improving our English level .
This way we made the most of us and never gave up improving our English ability .
This way we made the most of us and never gave up improving our language level .
This way we made the most of us and never gave up improving our learning level .
This way we made the most part of us and never gave up improving our English level .
This way we made the most of us and never stop improving our English level .
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
accept unschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
accept studying at home as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
accept homeschooling as a good alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just a separate happening .
accept homeschooling as a legal option so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
Eating is something everyone must do .
Eating is something all people must do .
Eating is something everyone has to do .
Sleeping is something everyone must do .
Eating breakfast is something everyone must do .
Eating is something everyone must do to survive .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
For example , I think that it is not acceptable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a personal airplane travelling to another country .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private ship travelling to another country .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another city .
For example , I think that it is expensive for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to personal cars .
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private transport tools .
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of unexpected accidents which occurred to private cars .
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of horrible accidents which occurred to private cars .
According to The Saigon Times , there are increasing traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the club , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in his country , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in his team , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the whole world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo was the winner of the Gold ball of 2014 .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical spots , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , like the Celtic period and the Roman period .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is essential in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the development of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical buidings , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
Instead I believe it is an advantage .
Instead I believe it is a disadvtage .
However I believe it is an advantage .
Instead I think it is an advantage .
Instead I believe it is a benefit.
Instead I believe it is the right choice .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
In conclusion , I would advice to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning river so one day it can be seen in whole country .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning park so one day it can be seen in whole country .
In a word , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning street so one day it can be seen in whole country .
The delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delivery .
The delivery mistake has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delivery .
The delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent without charge .
The delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with quick delivery .
The delivery fault has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delivery .
The delivery error has been made by yours , so next time , It should be sent with free delivery .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
If people all over the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and bad future .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeless life .
If people around the world could n't place more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
If people around the world could n't emphasize our living places , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
Obviously it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
Obviously it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in that place .
Obviously it would benefit me if I found a job in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
Obviously it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in that country .
Obviously it would be good for me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
Obviously it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work there .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
The computer has been one of the most preeminent inventions of all time .
The computer has been one of the most powerful inventions of all time .
The mobile phone has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
The internet has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of the modern world .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
However , you have another side to this reality .
Undoubtedly , you have another side to this reality .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this harsh reality .
Moreover , you have another side to this reality .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this fact .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
One day Mel was feeling really sad so Tom took her to the hospital .
One day Mel was feeling really uncomfortable so Tom took her to the hospital .
One day Mel was feeling really nervous so Tom took her to the hospital .
One day Mel was feeling really stressful so Tom took her to the hospital .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital nearby .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in sububs of Artem or Vladivostok .
I 'd like to have a big separate house in sububs of Artem or Vladivostok .
I 'd like to own a big detached house in sububs of Artem or Vladivostok .
I 'd like to have a big unfixed house in sububs of Artem or Vladivostok .
I 'd like to have a big unconnected house in sububs of Artem or Vladivostok .
I 'd like to have a big detached villa in sububs of Artem or Vladivostok .
Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time with their friends .
Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time with their partners .
Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend a happy time outdoors .
Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the most suitable place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to play and spend time outdoors .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to confront with .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to do with .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to handle with .
In spite of some people make sufficient money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because air pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thinking of the madman easily .
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman naturally .
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman quickly .
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman pretty easily .
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the maniac easily .
Some people think , it might take away their independence .
Some people think , it might take away their rights .
Some people think , it might take away their freedom .
Some people think , it might take away their happy life .
Some people think , it might take away their living space .
Some people think , it might take away their privacy .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
However , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
Also , we can drive a private car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
Also , we can drive a personal car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
Also , we can drive an electric car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
Also , we can ride a bicycle to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in accomplishing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in completing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your group .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your company .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a precious addition to your team .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the dead body .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse in a cruel way .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse calmly .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse at night .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he admitted that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is sucessful depends very much on the people of Europe .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is sucessful depends very much on the inhabitants of Europe .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is sucessful depends very much on the citizens of Europe .
Whether or not the continuation of the development in the field of European unity is sucessful depends very much on the people of Europe .
Whether or not the continuation of the improvement in the field of European unity is sucessful depends very much on the people of Europe .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is sucessful depends very much on the people of that area .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more easily , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more casually , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more comfortably , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live in a different way , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Now I have the feeling that I need to travel more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
With this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
With this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the corners of every kitchen .
With this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of every room .
With this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of every house .
With this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the walls of every kitchen .
With this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of the coast .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
This shows that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
This indicates that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be eaten .
This means that there would be an excess ive amount of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold in supermarkets .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are wealthy and also they do not pay any taxes .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any bills .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not have any taxes .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are happy and also they do not pay any taxes .
The other dilemma is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
However , they will have at least noticed the " other side " .
Nevertheless , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
However , they will have at least found the " other side " .
However , people will have at least seen the " other side " .
However , they will have at least seen the " other side " of the problem .
I had my first snowboardlesson und I loved it .
This is the first time that I have had snowboardlesson und I love it .
I had signed up for my first snowboardlesson und I loved it .
I had my first expensive snowboardlesson und I loved it .
I had my first snowboardlesson und I was fond of it .
I had my second snowboardlesson und I loved it .
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
My professor's name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
My name is Guillermo .
My name is Napoleon Sedillo Tórrez .
He is called Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
My middle name is Sedillo .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fnd this advantage with others sports .
From my perspective , it 's very difficult to fnd this advantage with others sports .
In my opinion , it 's far from difficult to fnd this advantage with others sports .
In my opinion , it 's very pleasant to fnd this advantage with others sports .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fnd this merit with others sports .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fnd this advantage with others recreational activities .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
Global warming and its consequences have emerged in 2015
Global warming and its consequences
Global warming and consequences caused by it in 2015
Global warming crisis and its consequences in 2015
The financial crisis and its consequences in 2015
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
Stocks and shares are an integral part of their livelihood .
Stocks are an indispensable part of their livelihood .
Stocks are an integral element of their livelihood .
Rituals are an integral part of their livelihood .
Stocks are an integral part of their daily lives .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
I am fond of speaking English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
I would like to speak German perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level German .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I have to chance to work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will definitely my level English .
I would like to pick up English so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
It was used for shows with animals , who were killed without pity .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without mercy .
It was used for entertainment with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
It was used for shows with animals or mankind , who were killed without pity .
The props were used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
I made enormous amounts of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
I made plenty of bucks , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't fret about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a enjoyable holiday if I were you .
I had earned plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout History .
Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of human beings throughout History .
Flame , the source of livelihood , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout History .
Flame , the source of life , always utilized to prepare the fool of mankind throughout History .
Flame , an integral of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout History .
Flame , an essential energy source for life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout History .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
You must be aware that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny person .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind person .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , sympathetic and funny person .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and amusing person .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and funny college student .
I was amazed of how huge were the falls .
I was amazed of how tall were the falls .
I was surprised of how huge were the falls .
I was very amazed of how huge were the falls .
I was astonished of how huge were the falls .
I was amazed of how huge were the falls at that place.
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
When they arrived there , they began to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different kinds of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , cats and deer .
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find numerous types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
When they arrived at the zoo , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is much cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
Now , secondly , travelling around by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
Now , secondly , travelling to other places by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
Now , secondly , travelling to different places by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is more comfortable ,
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
An instance is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
An example is military women wanting to work in combat positions when at war .
An example is military women wanting to serve in key positions when at war .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war fare .
A typical example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It mentions how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few decades , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn numerous basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a huge deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational activities , such as cooking , science and technology .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
The current situation of the world 's economy is a sad one .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a bad one .
The present situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
The current situation of the world 's pollution is a sad one .
The current situation of the world 's environment is not good .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer in the world .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer now .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite player .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite sports player .
Sachin Tendulkar is my father's favorite cricketer .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , films and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , shows and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to make us entertained 24 hours a day .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and a lot more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us active 24 hours a day .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable together!They were like twins !
Oh!The girl had so many happy moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable together!They were like twins !
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so cute together!They were like twins !
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable together!They were like twin sisters !
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so similar together!They were like twins !
Oh!The girl had so many meaningful moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable together!They were like twins !
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplaces banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have limited and someplaces banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplaces prohibited the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplaces banned the sale or export of British beef for fear of it 's safety .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplaces banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's quality .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplaces forbade the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
Many see this problem as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
Many perceive this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not take decisive action .
Many see this issue as a danger to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
Many people see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
Through the growth of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and rail vacations .
Through the development of the travel industry were born cruises and train vacations .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train trips .
Through the development of tourism were born train vacations .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 deposed kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned monarchs who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the excessive value society places on hierarchy .
The princess Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
They dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might say a small white lie which usually does not matter too much .
If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which often does not matter too much .
If there are some questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
If there are questions about secrets one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
If there are questions about something one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
My uncle had the brilliant idea of going to Niagara Falls .
My uncle had the awesome suggestion of going to Niagara Falls .
My uncle likes the idea of going to Niagara Falls .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Lake Ontario .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Xinjiang .
I also like to cook .
I still like to cook .
I also like to sing .
I also want to cook .
I also like to cook trout .
Actually, I also like to cook .
On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big problem for travelling by car .
On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for getting there by car .
On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by bus .
On the other hand huge traffic jams are a major issue for travelling by car .
On the one hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docile and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docile and backward in modern standards , the issue still exists .
Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony appear docile and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem tame and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docile and archaic in modern standards , the problem still exists .
Although " radicals "seem docile and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be indepedent .
She was actually eighteen years old , she had to be indepedent .
She was an adult , she had to be indepedent .
She was eighteen years old , she needed to be indepedent .
Since she was eighteen years old , she had to be indepedent .
She had to be indepedent .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
Now , my hubby is my best friend .
My husband is now my best friend .
Now , my husband is my closest friend .
Now , my husband is my dearest companion .
Now , my mother is my best friend .
For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit
For all these reasons , this centre 's really deserve a visit
For all these factors , this centre 's really worth a visit
For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit for students
For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit for teenagers
For all these buidlings , this centre 's really worth a visit
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am writing this letter to apply for the job in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw posted in our local newspaper .
I am writing this email to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am writing this long letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised on the website .
I am waiting yours answer .
I am waiting yours reply .
I am waiting yours response .
I am waiting yours reply soon .
I am waiting yours writing back .
I am waiting yours letter .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
Like another brick in the tall wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the quiet graveyard .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the cemetery .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the churchyard .
Like another brick in the wall , another water drops in the pool .
From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing war .
From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle for a long time .
From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has always been fighting a losing battle .
From the very start the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has been in a weak position .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep garbage then we bury rubbish .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep trash then we bury rubbish .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish under the ground .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish under the house .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we take out rubbish .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his brother .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his companion .
He looks like a good boy that lives in danger and the Devil is his sister .
He looks like a nice boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his good friend .
The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to kids , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to do with it , rationally or not .
The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to handle it , rationally or not .
The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , patiently or not .
The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will notice violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
There are also arguments against abolishing the Monarchy too .
There are also disputes against abolishing the Monarchy too .
There are also arguments against eliminating the Monarchy too .
There are also arguments against overturning the Monarchy too .
There are also arguments against repealing the Monarchy too .
There are also arguments against abolishing statements the Monarchy too .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
Everything will be unaffected and uncozy .
All things will be artificial and uncozy .
Everything will be man-made and uncozy .
Everything will be synthetic and uncozy .
Everything will be broken easily and uncozy .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because personality can not be changed .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because inner quality can not be changed .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can hardly be changed .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be influenced .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be altered .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
In the end , you will get to Ca los Cans .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans in future .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans in a week .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans in the next month .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans successfully .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I like going in the car , it 's quicker ...
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I enjoy going in the car , it 's quicker ...
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I prefer traveling in the car , it 's quicker ...
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I prefer going in the car , it 's more convenient ...
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I prefer going in the car , it 's safer ...
The cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
The cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes every year .
The cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes yearly .
The cars need to be cleaned ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
The cars need to be fixed ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
The cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay more taxes .
You will be interesting in this job ?
You will be interesting in this position ?
You will be interesting in doing this job ?
You will be interesting in completing task this ?
You will be interesting in attending class ?
You will be interesting in this programme ?
Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
Technology has developed quickly and in doing so ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
Technology has improved quickly and in doing so ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so ethics and practical principles have been left behind .
Technology has progressed more quickly and in doing so ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so ethics and practical guidelines have been left far behind .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
My favourite season of the year is winter .
My favourite season of the year is autumn .
My favourite season of the year is spring .
My favourite time of the year is summer .
My favourite festival of the year is Spring Festival .
You can walk to my house .
You can walk to my apartment .
You can drive to my house .
You can run to my house .
You can walk to my office .
You can walk to the park .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with straight black hair just looking at their tombstone .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , white man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking directly at their tombstone .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone for a long time .
Also , he describes his parents in a humorous way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
In the night I was worrying about many things just when I heard some noises .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some strange noises .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some loud noises .
In the night I was concerning about many things just when I heard some noises .
In the night I was in a daze just when I heard some noises .
I disagree with the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
I disapprove of the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
I disagree with the comments stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
I disagree with the statement stated above in that in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
I disagree with the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes , the rich and the poor .
I don't quite agree with the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
Unsurprisingly , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
Regrettably , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
Unsurprisingly , social consequences of Facebook plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
Unsurprisingly , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays a crucial role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
Unsurprisingly , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , in spite of distance or time .
Unsurprisingly , social consequences of Instagram and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
Restricting the number of cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
Limiting cars in the downtown area would cause the disappearing of poo .
Limiting cars on the roads would bring about the disappearing of poo .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of exhaust gas .
Limiting cars on the roads would probably cause the disappearing of poo .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
Its capability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
Its ability to enact and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - indicates that it retains full sovereignty .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full territorial integrity .
Its ability to make any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
I asked the headmistress in a polite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
I asked the headmaster politely and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
I sincerely asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
I asked the headmaster and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way the other day and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary folks .
This tragedy is aggravated by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This misery is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of outsiders of the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
The service is extraordinary and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
The service is excellent and the waitresses are so pleasant and gentle .
The service is excellent and the in this upscale restaurant are so pleasant and gentle .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so considerate and gentle .
The service in this upscale restaurant is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
But let 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
But let 's not stray into that , that 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
But let 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write an essay .
But let 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition as soon as possible .
But let 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the discussion on which I was supposed to write a composition .
But let 's not digress into that , that 's a brand new topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
The teenager may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
The child is also likely to look after the mother in her old age .
The child may also have to tend the mother in her old age .
The child may also have to look after the mother when she reaches old age .
The child may also have to requite the mother's unrequited love in her old age .
But time 's up .
However , time 's up .
But time of retirement 's drawing near .
But time 's about to come .
But breakfast time 's up .
But our lifetime 's fleeting .
This could be argued to be educational .
This could be argued to be instructive .
The professor could argue that it is educational .
This could also be argued to be educational .
This could be argued to be too educational .
This could be argued to be very strict .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite weightless , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a terrific state of mind .
The sensation of being hugged by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to do many movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
Also I consider that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
However I consider that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
Also I consider that it tends to be difficult and takes time away from doing any other things .
Also I consider that it seems to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
Also I consider that it tends to be very hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
Also I consider that it tends to be hard .
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
I do n't believe in it , especially while automobiles are not flying .
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars can not fly .
I totally do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
I do n't believe in it , particularly while cars are not flying .
I do n't believe in it .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with others school .
We used to host competitions and tournaments with others school .
We used to organise contests and tournaments with others school .
We used to organise competitions and games with others school .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with others colleges .
We used to organise competitions with others school .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Motorways and other transport links are continually being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , broadened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being expanded , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to deal with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Motorways are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is also very crucial .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very important .
Although the fact that vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car very is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the near future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
From one perspective , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
From one point of view , elite athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
From one point of view , top athletes are good models to follow for several reasons .
From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for a variety of reasons .
Top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
She sits in front of it all day and it makes her happy .
She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her pleased .
She often sits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her quite happy .
She sits in front of it and it keeps her happy .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The city is thriving on introducing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The city is thriving on implementing new strategies to achieve the Council 's goals .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to accomplish the Council 's goals .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's objectives .
The county is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely tasty .
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely delicious .
We had mouth- watering banana cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and juicy orange juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely sweet .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
For example , I once had a math exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my grades thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had a lot of time to ace my exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had sufficient time to ace my exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was foolish enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
I take too much photos because you do nt visit places like that everyday .
I take too much pictures because you do nt visit places like that everyday .
I take too much photos because you do nt go to places like that everyday .
I take too much photos because you do nt visit beautiful places like that everyday .
I take too much photos because you do nt visit fantastic places like that everyday .
I take too much photos because you do nt visit scenic spots like that everyday .
Somehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Somehow , not all of them can you find out whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Somehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable just from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Somehow , not all of them can you identify if their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Somehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their expression , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Somehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their faces , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and because that day I go for my own .
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for without friends .
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for without many familiar people own .
Luckily the operation was good and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
Luckily the operation was successful and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
If someone wants to learn more details about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
If someone wants to get more information about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
If someone wants to learn more about the sport I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
If someone wants to learn more about this kind of sport I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will recommend him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other pieces of equipment , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
One of the greatest accomplishments of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
One of the greatest fruits of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
One of the greatest achievements of modern computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
One of the greatest results of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy has a hump .
I followed him and it seemed that this guy has a hump .
I stalked him and it seemed like that this guy has a hump .
I stalked him and it seemed that this boy has a hump .
I stalked him and it seemed that this man has a hump .
I stalked secretly him and it seemed that this guy has a hump .
He hated that she is always late .
He hated that she is always late for their date .
He hated that she is always late for classes .
He hated that she is always late for school .
He hated that she is always late for parties .
He hated that she is always angry .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
We were discussing this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
We were talking about this when a cat just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was cute just when he converted into a big weird creature .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big bizarre creature .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big scary creature .
It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
It is better to tell a small white lie at this moment .
It is better to tell a little white lie right now .
It is wiser to tell a little white lie at this moment .
It would be better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
It is better to tell a little white lie .
However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
Whereas I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
However I occasionally do a skipping to fit myself .
However sometimes I do a skipping to fit myself .
However I think sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
However I sometimes tend to do a skipping to fit myself .
It 's a lover dog , he knows how i feel .
It 's a lover kangaroo , he knows how i feel .
It 's a very lover dog , he knows how i feel .
It 's a lover dog , he really knows how i feel .
It 's a lover dog , he understands how i feel .
I believe that it 's a lover dog , he knows how i feel .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
In there moment , I believed that my best friends was my parents and sister .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my grand parents and sister .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and elder brother .
In there moment , I thought that my closest friends was my parents and sister .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents .
There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
There are numerous adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
Nowadays there are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
There are cigarette adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
There are adds in television , radio , bus , streets ...
We can see adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
Therefore , they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
So they entered the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard whispers so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard strange voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
Then they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his cousin , his future wife .
This beautiful woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
This woman , who stands in front of him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
This woman , who stands next to me , is Tom 's girlfriend , his future wife .
This man , who stands next to her , is her boyfriend , her future husband .
As a result they may have to diversify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
As a result they might have to diversify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
As a result they may need to diversify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
As a result they may have to branch out towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
As a result they may have to diversify towards different areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
Therefore they may have to diversify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the everyday lives of both men and women .
Another " discovery " of the 20th century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been Marxism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a remarkable impact on the lives of both men and women .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of women .
If one scientist does not make a discovery then another one will .
If one investigator does not make a discovery then another one will .
If one scientist does not make a remarkable discovery then another one will .
If one scientist does not make a breakthrough then another one will .
If a top scientist does not make a discovery then no one will .
If this scientist does not make a discovery then that one will .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable assets of life .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable treasures of life .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of daily life .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of normal life .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of busy working life .
There are a lot of people in the beach .
There are a lot of people in the sandy beach .
There are a lot of people in the bus .
There are a lot of people in the boat .
There are a lot of people in the mountain .
There are a lot of travelers in the beach .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an more energy .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and both of my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an much energy .
Before accepting training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body becomes an energetic .
All residents take great care of the environment .
All inhabitants take great care of the environment .
All residents take good care of the environment .
All residents take great care of the natural environment .
All people take great care of the environment .
All residents take great care of the air quality .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparetion time .
I found so many interesting things during the preparetion time .
I saw so many funny things during the preparetion time .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparetion time at school .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparetion time before going on the stage .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparetion process .
The last time who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
The last time who I was here I have eat the most delicious pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
The last time who I was here I have eat the best bread that I have ever eat in my life .
The last time who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my previous life .
The last time who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my whole life .
The last time who I was here I have eat the tastiest pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
Seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
Seafood is tasty there , my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
Seafood is delicious there , my suggestions are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
Seafood is great there , my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
Seafood is delicious there , my proposals are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
Seafood is abundant there , my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
As a result , our water resources are hard to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's consciousness about the importance of a rational use of it .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the significance of a rational use of it .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is really necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
As a result , our water resources are challenging to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster choice , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster opportunity , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you have to be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster decision , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
But , even when it 's correct that it 's the faster option , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
Also almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
Also almost each of us has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
Also nearly everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
Also almost each individual has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
Also almost every student has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
Also almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator in their house .
Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Perhaps as more and of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Perhaps as more of British people becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Perhaps as more of British citizens becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their right is being taken away .
Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away by others .
I really love being with people all the time .
I really love being with interesting people all the time .
I really love spending time with people all the time .
I really enjoy being with people all the time .
I really like being with people all the time .
I really love being with polite people all the time .
Bart is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Bart is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he dislike nerds .
Bart is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates being nerds .
Bart is energetic and clever boy but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Bart is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates studying all day .
Bart is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates behaving like nerds .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Thank you for your time and advice .
Thank you for your time and suggestion .
Thank you for your recommendation and consideration .
Thank you for your money and consideration .
Thank you for your help and consideration .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any longer .
Britons ( especially those people from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then have a sense of " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " to this place .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " to each other any more .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
Tom had to make a hard decision .longer
Tom had to make a harthose peopleision .
Tom had to make a hard decision .have a sense of
Tom had to make a hard decision .to this place more
Tom had to make a hard decision after long-time consideration .
Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " longer " , old things or furniture .
Around the city , youthose people find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
Around the city , you can find many places where the have a sense of throwing frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen to this place, " amianto " , old things or furniture .
Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or used furniture .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care environment .
In Coslada City Council , people are well educated about taking care environment .
In Coslada City Council , citizens there are well informed about taking care environment .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care environment in a good way .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care environment with effective measures .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care the homeless people .
Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .
Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even though it seems you can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .
Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems like you can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .
Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you can observe something threw it , in reality you do n't .
Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you can notice something threw it , in reality you do n't .
Puberty could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .
Big project could not be finished without co - operations .
Big project could not be completed without co - operations .
Big project could not be ccomplished without co - operations .
Big project could not be finished timely without co - operations .
Big project could not be finished on time without co - operations .
Big project could not be finished without co - operations between team members .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very dificult .
But I need to study longer because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very dificult .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam in a short time , and it 's very dificult .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam by myself , and it 's very dificult .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam without asking for help from others , and it 's very dificult .
But I need to work harder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very dificult .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native instructor in the teacher 's team .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's group .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one professional teacher in the teacher 's team .
However , in my mind there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's organization .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
A greater potential of thoughts from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed people .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , lead to more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more well-educated and better - informed individuals .
A greater potential of ideas from a larger number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
i have a good dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
i have a nice dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a blonde retriver .
i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a brown retriver .
i have a cute dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language knowledge once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by other expression s .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his goals " , could be substituted by another expression .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his needs " , could be substituted by another expression .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be supplanted by another expression .
After finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency .
After finding the adoption documents she contacted the adotpion agency .
After finding the adoption files she contacted the adotpion agency .
After finding the adoption papers in the drawer she contacted the adotpion agency .
After finding the adoption papers on the shelf she contacted the adotpion agency .
After finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency for some useful advice.
Thanks to that it can expand or reduced .
Thanks to that it can expand in a short time or reduced .
Thanks to that it can expand quickly or reduced .
Owing to that it can expand or reduced .
Because of that it can expand or reduced .
Thanks to that it can expand or reduced to a certain degree.
Doing excercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
Doing excercise it 's an essential thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
Doing excercise it 's an important thing to do in a relaxing and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
Doing excercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and pleasant life , while you excercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
Doing excercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel better with you re self an you re body .
Doing excercise it 's an important thing to obtain a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend most time on playing it .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it on weekends .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it why my friends .
One of them I 'm crazy about playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it than other kinds of sport .
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
What advantages do you obtain while exercising ?
What benefits do you get while exercising ?
What benefits do you obtain while doing sports ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising every day ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising regularly ?
Science has moved on dramatically since the C19th .
Science has moved forward dramatically since the C19th .
Science has made great progress since the C19th .
Science has developed dramatically since the C19th .
Science has advanced rapidly since the C19th .
Science has moved on quickly since the C19th .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
In addition , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
Also , the narrator expresses mainly through direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
Moreover , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions it comes to his own words .
Besides , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
In the area of the single currency , I once again feel this is inevitable .
In the area of the single currency , again I find this is inevitable .
In the area of the single currency , this once again strikes me as inevitable .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is unavoidable .
In the area of the single currency , again I realize this is inevitable .
Training Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
Training Karate is a way that helps to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
Training Karate is a method to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
Training Karate is a helpful way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
Training Karate is a way that contributes to forget ting your problems , forget ting your tiring routine .
Training Karate is an effective way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is the result of this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is due to this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be addressed by training offered in the surrounding universities .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training provided by surrounding universities .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be solved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
I am particularly interested in gaining experience in the business field .
I am extremely enthusiastic about gaining experience in the business field .
I take a keen interest in gaining experience in the business field .
I really want to gain experience in the business field .
I am especially interested in gaining experience in the business field .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
I have seen your advert this morning , which interests me very much .
I have seen your advert this morning , which attracts me very much .
I have seen your advert this morning and I take a keen interest in it .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am extremely interested in it .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am particularly interested in it .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
Outside stood the weirdest - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
Outside stood a man who looks very unusual : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
Outside stood a man of unusual appearance : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he seemed to be a Spanish elephant hunter .
Outside sat the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
Adriana and I ducked down behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench while Winnie looked for us .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winnie searched for us .
Adriana and I ensconced ourselves behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winnie called us .
But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
But which is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
But what is more beneficial - own car or public transport ?
But what is better - own car or public transport ?
But what is more convenient - own car or taking public transport ?
But what is more advantageous - own car or public transport ?
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
My teachers are very excellent at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
My teachers are very exceptional at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
My teachers are very good at their job so I wish to be like them one day .
My teachers are very good at their job so I expect to be like them one day .
My teachers are very skilled at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution level , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic jam , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my salary , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are too expensive .
Indeed , cars increases the airpollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
The value of their talent , abilities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
The value of their gift , abilities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
The value of their competence , abilities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
The value of their aptitude , abilities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
The value of their talent , capacities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
The real value of their talent , abilities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
They believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
They believe that it is futile thing for our generation .
They believe that it is worthless thing for our generation .
They believe that it is stupid thing for our generation .
They believe that it is unprofitable thing for our generation .
They believe that it is useless thing for our young kids .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink wine in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the reality , that they are drivers at the moment .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , as they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are driving cars at the moment .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink regardless of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that biography so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that background so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that education background so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept job seekers with one year of experience .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that requirement so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemistry due to their numerous applications .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the funny fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications in life .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications in daily life .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemistry tanks to their numerous applications .
After many years he still dream to become a super hero .
After many years he still dream to become a police .
After many years he still dream to become a super man .
After many years he still dream to become a national hero .
After many years he still dream to become a great hero .
After many years he still dream to become a super hero to help others .
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love plays with my friends .
My favourite sport is basketball because I love plays with my friends .
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love plays with my best friends .
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love plays with many people .
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love plays with close friends .
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love plays with my friends to have a rest.
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
Television violence is widespread in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
Television violence is common in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree with its influences on children .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on kids .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree with its negative influence on children .
On the whole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
On the contrary there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
On the whole there are a variety of activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
On the whole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances accessible to them .
On the whole there are activities to take part in and places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
On the whole there are activities to take part in and many places to enjoy depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Moreover , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Also , Robin is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Also , he is very humorous and I laugh a lot with him .
Also , he is funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Also , he is very funny and I always laugh a lot with him .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
There are also some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
There are plenty of travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
There are some destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
There were some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
There are some travel destinations which definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearances .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and WeChat in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearances .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , probably replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearances .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people tend to be more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearances .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more comfortable or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearances .
Actually , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearances .
Looking forward to know more about you .
Looking forward to know more about him .
Looking forward to know more information about you .
Looking forward to know more about you so that we can know you.
Looking forward to know the relevant information .
Looking forward to know more about you and your family.
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replace fossil fuels .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replace fossil fuels .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular in the new era and this type of energy is the closest to replace fossil fuels .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest one to replace fossil fuels .
Moreover , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replace fossil fuels .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice so as to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I am preparing to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to get a bachelor 's degree .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my chioce these days in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree to realize my dream.
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
Not all mutton can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a game .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has turned into a waiting game .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the current situation has become a waiting game .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation now has become a waiting game .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
On the contrary , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
However , throughout these years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
However , throughout the years , the Internet has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are cheap entertainment rather than education .
However , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than enlightment .
The Odeon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Odeon cinema provides a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Odeon cinema offers a multiple choice of films in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Odeon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for citizens on Wednesdays .
The cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Odeon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students in this city on Wednesdays .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a good service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of more customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a great service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a considerate service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a sastisfied service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
I am fan of his batting .
I am big fan of his batting .
I am fan of his batting skills .
I am fan of his skills .
I am fan of his performance .
I am fan of his painting .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low need .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a higher price due to the high demand .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price because of the low demand .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price owing to the low demand .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the rather low demand .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most impressive islands in Greece .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most dramatic islands in Greece .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most amazing islands in Greece .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most marvelous islands in Greece .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular areas in Greece .
The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the pictures of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , anticipating something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every minute and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to lose it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen again .
Fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
Fifth day , it was time to eat more fruits , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
Fifth day , it was a good time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
Fifth day , it was suitable time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
Fifth day , it was great to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
Fifth day , it was the right time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
TV allows the instantaneous exchange of ideas , images , news , etc .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of thoughts , images , news , etc .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , pictures , news , etc .
TV allows the instant communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , voices, etc .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which damages the city to which Candide was sailing to .
The great storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
The natural disaster was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
The storm was brought by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was heading to .
I got there by MTR .
I got there by bus .
I got there by taxi .
I got there by car .
I got there by riding a bike .
I got there by MTR and subway.
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Convincing arguments can support that the root reason is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that nearly all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of inhabitants , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and entertainment and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly rare .
Then you know hockey is the aswner .
Then you wil realize that hockey is the aswner .
Then you know basketball is the aswner .
Then you know hockey is the only aswner .
Then you know hockey is definitely the aswner .
Then you know the hockey is the aswner .
A wide world war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
A wide world ruthless war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
A wide world war is the only case in which we would witness a dramatic change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
A wide world war is the only case in which we would see a earth-shaking change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
A wide world war is the case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
A wide world war is the only consequence in which we would see a dramatic change in people's lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
We live in a era when everything changes quickly .
People live in a time when everything changes quickly .
We live in a time when everything around us changes quickly .
We live in a time when everything changes slowly .
We live and work in a time when everything changes quickly .
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Did you think of learning another foreign language ?
Did you ever consider of learning another foreign language ?
Did you ever think of learning another language ?
Did you ever think of picking up another foreign language ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language for looking for a job?
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were does the explosion hit .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't be sure were does the explosion hit .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because the part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were does the explosion hit .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this district where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were does the explosion hit .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were does the explosion hit .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't predict were does the explosion hit .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
In my mind it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our experiences and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't abandon .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and traditions , which we should n't forget .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our history and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
Next , you are qualified to learn every basic skills step by step .
Next , all students are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
Next , you are required to learn every skills step by step .
Next , you are required to grasp every basic skills step by step .
Next , you are supposed to learn every basic skills step by step .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up trying to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
However , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
Yet , oftentimes , to be overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has cooperated with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
To illistrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
To illistrate my point , if every time you took a subway , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
To illistrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , every individual would stop taking it .
To illistrate the point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
In order to illistrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
To illistrate my point of view , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has swept over the city .
Dramatically with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
However with the coming daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a terrifying storm has brewed .
However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a natural disaser has brewed .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
Today , people have become aware of the significance of environment to our future .
Today , people have become aware of the value of environment to our future .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our life .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our health .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our life in the future .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
A machine gun can be used to retain civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
A machine gun can be used to protect civil people , enforce Marshall Law .
A machine gun can be used to ensure civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
A machine gun can be used to ensure civil safety , enforce Marshall Law .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law to take effect .
At the same time , the heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
At the same time , the heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and sad .
At the same time , the heartbeats also dragged the readers stressful and anxious .
At the same time , the quick heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
At the same time , the loud heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
At the same time , the heartbeats also dragged the readers extremely nervous and anxious .
In the 20th Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
In the 20th Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a huge impact .
In the 20th Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous influence .
In the 20th Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous effect .
In the 20th Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a great impact .
In the 20th Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact on people's life.
AIDS has definately had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
AIDS has definately had an important impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
AIDS has definately had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always gives rise to death and there is no cure .
AIDS has definately had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always contributes to death and there is no cure .
AIDS has definately had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no medicine .
AIDS has definately had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no efficient cure .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
We have a complete democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
We have a sound democratic procedure , which many people would not want to give this up .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up in a short period of time .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up easily .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up without any requirements .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the invention of the modern computer .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad influences from the advent of the modern computer .
Clearly , there is enough evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad impacts from the advent of the modern computer .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the frequent use of the modern computer .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
I like personality with innocent , so I like children .
I like personality with naive , so I like children .
I like personality with childlike , so I like kids .
I like personality with childlike , so I like students .
I like personality with childlike , so I like being surrounded by children .
What is the " Family " meaning ?
What is the " Friend " meaning ?
What is the " Friendship " meaning ?
What is the " Team " meaning ?
What is the " Partner " meaning ?
What is the " Family " meaning for you?
This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
This shows they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
This indicates they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
This means they will want to play sports , which is meaningful for their health .
This means they will want to play sports , which is important for their health .
This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for curing their diseases .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group or us .
He hit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group or us .
He bit my hand and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group or us .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we attemped to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group or us .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the other people but it was too late , it was the group or us .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late to do that , it was the group or us .
All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
All the neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
All my classmates in the same way collected garbage .
All my neighbors in the same method collected garbage .
All my neighbors in the same way in my neighborhood collected garbage .
All my neighbors surprisingly in the same way collected garbage .
In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
In cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
In big cities public transport functions well because there 's a good feedback by people .
In big cities public transport works well since there 's a good feedback by people .
In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by citizens .
In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people there.
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
After purifying , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
After choosing , a cup of fresh water was served , again , for free .
After choosing , a bottle of clean water was served , again , for free .
After choosing for a long time , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served in the end, again , for free .
You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Everyone may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
You may contact me if you have any questions through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or call me on 659 12 34 56 .
You can contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
You may call me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
I really appreciate your preparation and consideration .
I appreciate your time and consideration .
I really appreciate your time and thorough consideration .
My children and I really appreciate your time and consideration .
I really admire your time and consideration .
As citizens of village , we totally care about environment of our village .
As residents of village , we totally care about environment of our village .
As citizens of village , we totally care about ecological environment of our village .
As citizens of village , we totally concerned about environment of our village .
As citizens of village , we totally care about environment of our beautiful village .
As citizens of village , we totally care about life quality of our village .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
Coming back to my decision , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
Coming back to my parents' dream dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
Coming back to my dream , I like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my researches in London , at the Imperial college .
As the fetous begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
As the fetous starts its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
As the fetous begins its life in a tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
As the fetous begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected by the researcher , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
As the fetous begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this tells us that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
As the fetous begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this implys that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
I believe that 's all will delighted us .
I definitely believe that 's all will delighted us .
I believe that 's all would delighted us .
I believe that 's all will delighted human being .
I believe that 's all will delighted us in the end .
My friends and I believe that 's all will delighted us .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
We 'll have a chance to choose on which planet we want to live .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which place we want to live .
We 'll have a possibility to decide on which planet we want to live .
We 'll have a possibility to make a choice on which planet we want to live .
We 'll have a possibility to choose where planet we want to live .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
In my opinion , I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
As far as I 'm concerned , I choose to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to dissent with the decision of mineral extraction .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of mining .
As far as I 'm concerned , I won't disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
They ran as quickly as they can, crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they arrived at the place where the animal was."It 's a deer ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer ! , its leg is trap ped " , Max 's friend shouted .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend screamed .
They ran fast , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
In that case , they could still make conversions without boiling her mood .
In that circumstance , they could still make conversions without boiling her mood .
In that case , they was still able to make conversions without boiling her mood .
In that case , they could still make conversions without boiling her emotion .
In that case , they could still make conversions with no boiling her mood .
In that case , they could still make conversions without boiling the girl's mood .
The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .
The teacher call me for twice and he told me to stand different place .
The teacher call my name for twice to tell me to stand different place .
The teacher call my name for twice for telling me to stand different place .
The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different site .
The doctor call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
What's more , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Moreover , solar energy collectors should be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers for maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers , which can maxmize comfort and improve energy efficiency .
In addition , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
Secondly such year off would give to future students an opportunity to try themselves in new professional sphears .
Secondly such year off would allow to future students to try themselves in new professional sphears .
In addtion, such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
Secondly such year off would offer to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
Secondly such year off would give to students in the future a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
This is a great example for youngsters to follow .
This is a good example for the young to follow .
This is a good example for youngsters to imitate .
This is a good example that youngsters can follow .
This is really a good example for youngsters to follow .
So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
So the following day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so shocked to see Tom .
So the next day the people living in the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but unexpectedly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
So the next day the people went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every aspect of the world .
The progress and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
The development and implementation of technology has impacted on societies in every corner of the world .
It is no doubt that the development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
The advancement and implementation of technology have affected societies in every corner of the world .
The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie had been on , that was in 2012 .
The fans of this series , had been wanting for this film science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie was released , that was in 2012 .
The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie was shown , that was in 2012 .
The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in the winter of 2012 .
Finally concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
Finally concert began and all the lights were shining like stars .
Finally concert started and all the lights were shining like bright stars .
Finally show started and all the lights were shining like stars .
Finally music concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
Finally concert started and all the lights were shining like stars in the black sky .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
It 's not easy because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
It 's pretty hard because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study really hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject very much , you 'll study it easier .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier and happier .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
As for good quality sheets and partially broken sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and assemble them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and gather them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and collect them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will divide them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
Big spaces will be divided in a few zones .
Big rooms will be divided in a few zones .
Big spaces will be separated in a few zones .
Big spaces will be divided in severl a zones .
Big spaces will be divided in smll a zones .
Big spaces will be divided in a few smaller zones .
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last time , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last decades , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the gap between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost meaningless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
The Computing Technology has been improving very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
Also the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
Also the prices are incredibly low , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
Also the prices are pretty cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
Also the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's about 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
Also the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per individual for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
Also the prices are incredibly acceptable , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
In addition to this , people are working in very noisy workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
In addition to this , people are working in very nervous workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they decide to leave from this condition in holidays .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they hope to leave from this condition in holidays .
Except for this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
One day , I visited Meandro del melero .
One day , I visited Meandro del melero by car .
One day , I visited Meandro del melero by bus .
One day , I travelled to Meandro del melero .
One day , I went to Meandro del melero .
One day , I visited Meandro del melero with some strangers.
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in background .
There are orange trees , a large pool and Etna in background .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in garden .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in park .
There are apple trees , a large lake and Etna in background .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in background of the picture.
Do remind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
Do remind me again please , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
Do remind me again , thou , if you realize that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
Do remind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting it , okay ?
Do remind me , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
Please remind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested to work with you .
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your office , and I 'm interested to work with you .
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm longing to work with you .
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen years old , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested to work with you .
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm really interested to work with you .
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm favored to work with you .
One of their jobs is to watch out their human family .
One of their jobs is to watch out their family .
One of their tough jobs is to watch out their human family .
One of their jobs is to watch out the human family .
One of their jobs is to carefully watch out their human family .
One of their missions is to watch out their human family .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
My youngest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
My oldest daughter her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me and my friends .
My sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
My oldest sister her first name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
That 's the reason why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes to this city .
That 's why you do n't have to take clothes .
That 's why I do n't have to take warm clothes .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes as I told you .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
I completely recommend this superb restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is enthusiastic about great food for an even better value .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about delicious food for an even better value .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an better value .
My roommates completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
The third section is to print the prepared bank notes .
The second section is to print the prepared bank notes .
The third section is to print the bank notes .
The third section is to print the prepared shopping notes .
The third section is to find out the prepared bank notes .
The third section is to print all the prepared bank notes .
Michael get away from there .
Mary get away from there .
Michael get away from this place .
Michael get away from there this morning .
Michael and I get away from there .
Michael get away from there without hesitation .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
Nowaday , citizens use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
Nowaday , people tend to use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most indispensible source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but sooner or later it will be run out .
Nowaday , people regard fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important role in their growing from an economic point of view .
Firstly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
Secondly , tourism , particularly in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developing countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
Secondly , tourism industry , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
Doctors are discovering that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
Doctors are finding that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
Doctors are discovering that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist in the body .
Researchers are discovering that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
Doctors are discovering that some unpperceivable strands of AIDS do exist .
Doctors are discovering that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist in the human body.
Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
Studying at home may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
Homeschooling may also free up more time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family relationship .
Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the entertainment life .
Homeschooling may also free up time for after-school activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
All of the member states agree in principle to the proposal of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
All of the member states agree in principle to the thought of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be guaranteed .
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be guarded .
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded safely.
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the guiding states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading countries and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate goals should be a role - model for other countries .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other states .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries in the Europe .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you r friend .
I hope what I talk above will be of some help to you .
I wish what I mentioned above will be of some help to you .
I hope what I recommend above will be of some help to you .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to your problem .
The British national lottery run by non British firms .
The British national lottery run by non British companies .
The British national lottery run by non British people .
The British national lottery run by non British corporations .
The national lottery run by non British firms .
The British national lottery run by non British businessmen .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The first was the rejection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be much more another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor people .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another type of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor farmers .
But benefits after year off will be obvious .
But benefits after year off will be apparent .
But benefits after year off will be evident .
But benefits after year off will be clear .
But profits after year off will be obvious .
But benefits after year off will be attractive .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
The inventor of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make plant rotate around it self and around the sun .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the moon .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun yearly .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun regularly.
One realizes that animals have rights too .
One knows that animals have rights too .
One finally realizes that animals have rights too .
One gets to know that animals have rights too .
One realizes that animals have some rights too .
One realizes that animals have the same rights as humans do .
Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the pool , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the remote area and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was surfing in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the water , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video for advertising .
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
That is for these factors I think I have the skills for the job .
That is for these reasons I think I have the abilities for the job .
That is for these reasons I think I have the qualities for the job .
That is for these reasons I think I have the necessary skills for the job .
That is for these reasons I think I have the required skills for the job .
He followed and apoligized her .
He followed and apoligized her all the day .
He followed and apoligized her immediately .
He followed and apoligized her all the way .
He followed and apoligized her seriously .
He followed and apoligized her formally.
