Even when the infection rate was falling , population growth kept the number of clinical cases more or less constantly at 8 million a year .
Even when the infection rate was falling uninterruptedly , population growth kept the number of clinical cases more or less constantly at 8 million a year .
Even when the infection rate was falling , population growth kept the number of genetic disease cases more or less constantly at 8 million a year .
Even when the infection rate was falling , population growth and economic situation kept the number of clinical cases more or less constantly at 8 million a year .
Even when the infection rate was descending , population growth kept the number of clinical cases more or less constantly at 8 million a year .
Even when the rate was falling , population growth kept the number of clinical cases more or less constantly at 8 million a year .
In a competitive and fast-paced modern society , busy business executives are so engrossing in their work that they hardly know what the word leisure means .
In a competitive and fast-paced modern society , busy business executives are so engrossing in their work that they hardly know what the word tranquility means .
In a competitive and fast-paced modern society , busy business executives and administrators are so engrossing in their work that they hardly know what the word leisure means .
In an agonistic and fast-paced modern society , busy business executives are so engrossing in their work that they hardly know what the word leisure means .
In a competitive and fast-paced modern society , busy business executives are so engrossing in their occupation that they hardly know what the word leisure means .
In a fast-paced modern society , busy business executives are so engrossing in their work that they hardly know what the word leisure means .
With a view to gaining greater corporate standing or a big pay rise , he , as a rule , far exceeds over the 40-hour working week .
With a view to gaining greater corporate standing or a big salary rise , he , as a rule , far exceeds over the 40-hour working week .
With a view to gaining greater corporate standing or a big pay rise , he customarily far exceeds over the 40-hour working week .
With a view to gaining greater corporate status or a big pay rise , he , as a rule , far exceeds over the 40-hour working week .
With a view to acquiring greater corporate standing or a big pay rise , he , as a rule , far exceeds over the 40-hour working week .
With a view to gaining greater corporate standing or a big pay rise , he , as a rule , exceeds over the 40-hour working week .
Few such executives realize that unless they learn how to relax , they will soon run of stream before they get to the top of the executive ladder .
Few such executives realize that unless they learn how to relax and take a rest , they will soon run of stream before they get to the top of the executive ladder .
Few such executives realize that unless they understand how to relax , they will soon run of stream before they get to the top of the executive ladder .
Few such executives realize that unless they learn how to relax , they will sooner or later run of stream before they get to the top of the executive ladder .
Few such executives realize that unless they learn how to relax , they will soon run of strength before they get to the top of the executive ladder .
Few such executives realize that unless they learn how to relax , they will run of stream before they get to the top of the executive ladder .
A noted American authority on leisure has said that The key to relaxation to busy executives is to avoid the types of activities that are part and parcel of their daily work and to devote themselves totally to have recreational pursuits for at least a part of each day , even it is only for half an hour .
A noted American authority on leisure has claimed that The key to relaxation to busy executives is to avoid the types of activities that are part and parcel of their daily work and to devote themselves totally to have recreational pursuits for at least a part of each day , even it is only for half an hour .
A noted American authority on leisure has said that The key point of relaxation to busy executives is to avoid the types of activities that are part and parcel of their daily work and to devote themselves totally to have recreational pursuits for at least a part of each day , even it is only for half an hour .
A noted American authority on leisure has said that The key to relaxation to occupied executives is to avoid the types of activities that are part and parcel of their daily work and to devote themselves totally to have recreational pursuits for at least a part of each day , even it is only for half an hour .
A noted American authority on leisure has said that The key to relaxation to busy executives is to get rid of the types of activities that are part and parcel of their daily work and to devote themselves totally to have recreational pursuits for at least a part of each day , even it is only for half an hour .
A noted American authority on leisure has said that The key to relaxation to busy executives is to avoid the types of activities that are part and parcel of their daily work and to devote themselves totally to have recreational pursuits for a part of each day , even it is only for half an hour .
Those jobs require a great deal of contact with others can engage in activities that are quiet and peaceful far from the madding crowd , far from client and business associates
Those jobs require a great deal of contact with others can engage in activities that are quiet and peaceful far from the hustle and bustle of crowd , far from client and business associates
Those jobs require a great deal of contact with other people can engage in activities that are quiet and peaceful far from the madding crowd , far from client and business associates
Those jobs require a great deal of contact with others can engage in activities that are halcyon and peaceful far from the madding crowd , far from client and business associates
Those jobs require a great deal of contact with others can engage in activities that are quiet far from the madding crowd , far from client and business associates
Those difficult jobs require a great deal of contact with others can engage in activities that are quiet and peaceful far from the madding crowd , far from client and business associates
I never expected to get my books so quickly , he told Business Weekly .
I never expected to get my books so promptly , he told Business Weekly .
I never expected to get my books so quickly , he replied Business Weekly .
I never thought that I can get my books so quickly , he told Business Weekly .
I never expected to receive my books so quickly , he told Business Weekly .
I expected to get my books so quickly , he told Business Weekly .
He said online shopping was very good and always offered comparatively lower prices than ordinary retailer stores .
He considered online shopping very good and offered comparatively lower prices than ordinary retailer stores .
He said the commodity of online shopping was very good and always offered comparatively lower prices than ordinary retailer stores .
He said online shopping was excellent and always offered comparatively lower prices than ordinary retailer stores .
He said online shopping was very good and always offered comparatively lower prices compared with ordinary retailer stores .
He said online shopping was good and always offered comparatively lower prices than ordinary retailer stores .
The general manager of the Electronic Business Department of Federal Software Co. Ltd. , said online shopping had tremendous market potential giving the large population .
The general manager of the Electronic Business Department of Federal Software Co. Ltd. , said online shopping had extraodinary market potential giving the large population .
The general manager of the Electronic Business Department of Federal Software Co. Ltd. , said online shopping had tremendous market capacity giving the large population .
The general manager of the Electronic Business Department of Federal Software Co. Ltd. , said online shopping had tremendous market potential giving the large population and shopping demand .
The general manager of the Electronic Business Department of Federal Software Co. Ltd. , considered that online shopping had tremendous market potential giving the large population .
The manager of the Electronic Business Department of Federal Software Co. Ltd. , said online shopping had tremendous market potential giving the large population .
The company established an online shopping center for Internet surfers . More than 14 , 000 kinds of goods are available , including computers , software , books and daily necessity .
The company established an online shopping center for Internet surfers . They can purchase more than 14 , 000 kinds of goods , including computers , software , books and daily necessity .
The company established an online shopping center for Internet surfers . More than 14 , 000 kinds of goods are available , including computers , software , equipment and daily necessity .
The company established an online shopping center for all shopaholics . More than 14 , 000 kinds of goods are available , including computers , software , books and daily necessity .
The company established an online shopping center for Internet surfers . More than 14 , 000 types of goods are available , including computers , software , books and daily necessity .
The company established an online shopping center . More than 14 , 000 kinds of goods are available , including computers , software , books and daily necessity .
Daily visitors to the site surged from10 , 000 in March to 30 , 000 in June , and that figure is likely to multiple .
Daily visitors to the website surged from10 , 000 in March to 30 , 000 in June , and that figure is likely to multiple .
Daily visitors to the site surged from10 , 000 in March to 30 , 000 in June , and that illustration is likely to multiple .
Daily visitors to the site surged from10 , 000 in March to 30 , 000 in June , and it is probable for this figure to multiple .
Daily visitors to the site surged from10 , 000 in March to 30 , 000 in June , and that figure is very likely to multiple .
Daily visitors surged from10 , 000 in March to 30 , 000 in June , and that figure is likely to multiple .
The application of online payment marks up a milestone for the development of the online industry .
The application of online payment marks up a milestone for the progress of the online industry .
The application of online payment marks up an important node for the development of the online industry .
The application of online payment marks up a milestone for the development of the online business .
The application of online payment bespeaks up a milestone for the development of the online industry .
The application of online payment marks up a milestone for the development of the industry .
However , problems such as a limited pot of Internet users , comparatively high charges on Internet surfing and traditional views on shopping have hindered the development of online shopping .
However , problems such as a limited pot of Internet users , comparatively high charges on Internet surfing and traditional views on shopping have hindered the flourishing of online shopping .
However , issues such as a limited pot of Internet users , comparatively high charges on Internet surfing and traditional views on shopping have hindered the development of online shopping .
However , problems such as a limited pot of Internet users , relatively high charges on Internet surfing and traditional views on shopping have hindered the development of online shopping .
However , problems such as a limited pot of Internet users , high charges on Internet surfing and traditional views on shopping have hindered the development of online shopping .
However , problems such as a limited pot of Internet and phone users , comparatively high charges on Internet surfing and traditional views on shopping have hindered the development of online shopping .
Federal Software Co. Ltd. plans to invest U.S. $ 24 million on its shopping website .
Federal Software Co. Ltd. plans to invest U.S. $ 24 million on its genetic modification project .
Federal Software Co. Ltd. plans to invest U.S. $ 24 million on its electronic engineering department .
Federal Software Co. Ltd. plans to invest U.S. $ 24 million and a batch of equipment on its shopping website .
Federal Software Co. Ltd. plans to invest U.S. $ 24 million on its shopping website for further development .
Federal Software Co. Ltd. plans to invest U.S. $ 24 million on its website .
They are going to seek cooperation with domestic and oversea companies to extend the variety of online products .
They intend to seek cooperation with domestic and oversea companies to extend the variety of online products .
They are going to seek cooperation with domestic and oversea enterprises to extend the variety of online products .
They are going to cooperate with domestic and oversea companies to extend the variety of online products .
They are going to seek cooperation with oversea companies to extend the variety of online products .
They are going to seek cooperation with domestic and oversea Internet companies to extend the variety of online products .
The worst thing about television and radio is that it save us the trouble of entertaining ourselves .
The worst thing about television and radio is that it make us dispense with entertaining ourselves .
The worst thing about television and social media is that it save us the trouble of entertaining ourselves .
The most troublesome thing about television and radio is that it save us the trouble of entertaining ourselves .
The worst thing about television is that it save us the trouble of entertaining ourselves .
The worst thing about television and radio is that it save us the trouble of entertaining and enriching ourselves .
A hundred of years ago , before all these devices were invented , if a person wanted to entertain himself by a song or a piece of music , he would have to do the singing himself or pick up a violin and play it .
A hundred of years ago , before all these devices were invented , if a person intended to entertain himself by a song or a piece of music , he would have to do the singing himself or pick up a violin and play it .
A hundred of years ago , before all these devices were invented , if a person wanted to entertain himself by a song or a piece of music , he would have to do the singing himself or pick up a saxophone and play it .
A hundred of years ago , before all these devices were invented , if a person wanted to entertain himself by a song or a piece of music , he would have to do the singing himself or pick up a organ and play it .
A hundred of years ago , before all these devices were invented , if a person wanted to entertain himself by a song , he would have to do the singing himself or pick up a violin and play it .
A hundred of years ago , before all these devices and technology were invented , if a person wanted to entertain himself by a song or a piece of music , he would have to do the singing himself or pick up a violin and play it .
Now , all he has to do is turn the radio or TV .
Now , all he has to do is turn the radio and TV .
Now , all he has to do is turn the radio or television .
Now , all he has to do is turn the radio or computer .
Now , all he has to do is turn the radio or TV and play music with these devices .
All he has to do is turn the radio or TV .
Today , we sing songs to our children until they are about two ; we read simple books to them till they are about five , so once they have learnt to read themselves , we become deaf .
Today , we sing songs to our children until they are about two ; we read simple fairytales to them till they are about five , so once they have learnt to read themselves , we become deaf .
Today , we sing songs to our children until they are about two ; we read simple books to them till they are about five , so once they have learnt to read by themselves , we become deaf .
Today , we sing songs to our children until they are about two ; we read simple books to them till they are about five , so once they have learnt to read themselves , we become deaf suddenly .
Today , we sing songs to our children until they are about two ; we read simple books with them till they are about five , so once they have learnt to read themselves , we become deaf .
Today , we sing songs to our children until they are about two ; we read books to them till they are about five , so once they have learnt to read themselves , we become deaf .
We 're alive only with the sound of the TV and the stereo .
We 're alive only with the sound of the TV and the radio .
We 're alive and energetic only with the sound of the TV and the stereo .
We 're alive only with the sound of the TV and the computer .
We 're vivid only with the sound of the TV and the stereo .
We 're alive only with the sound of the TV .
Before TV became so common , to keep children entertained , mothers had to do a good number of singing and tell children endless tales .
Before TV became so common , to keep children entertained , mothers had to do a good number of singing and tell children numerous tales .
Before digital equipment became so common , to keep children entertained , mothers had to do a good number of singing and tell children endless tales .
Before TV became so available , to keep children entertained , mothers had to do a good number of singing and tell children endless tales .
Before TV became so common , to keep children entertained , mothers had to do a good number of singing .
Before TV and phone became so common , to keep children entertained , mothers had to do a good number of singing and tell children endless tales .
People spoke a language ; they sang it ; they recited it ; it is something they could feel .
People spoke a language ; they sang it ; they recited it ; it is something they could feel inside .
People spoke a language ; they sang songs in this language ; they recited it ; it is something they could feel .
People spoke their own language ; they sang it ; they recited it ; it is something they could feel .
People spoke a language ; they made sentences with it ; they recited it ; it is something they could feel .
People spoke a language ; they recited it ; it is something they could feel .
For the same reason , people find karaoke liberated .
By the same token , people find karaoke liberated .
For the same reason , people find literature liberated .
For the same reason , people find abstract art liberated .
For the same reason , people discover karaoke liberated .
People find karaoke liberated .
Even their voices are hopelessly out of tune , at least it is meaningful self-entertainment .
Even they could hardly sing in tune , at least it is meaningful self-entertainment .
Even their voices hopelessly crack up , at least it is meaningful self-entertainment .
Even their voices are hopelessly unpleasant to hear , at least it is meaningful self-entertainment .
Even their voices are out of tune , at least it is meaningful self-entertainment .
Even their voices are hopelessly out of tune , at least it is meaningful self-entertainment for themselves .
A great many cities are experiencing difficulties which are nothing new one in the history of cities , except in their scale .
A great many cities are experiencing obstacles that are nothing new one in the history of cities , except in their scale .
A great many cities are confronting with difficulties which are nothing new one in the history of cities , except in their scale .
A great many cities are experiencing dilemmas that are nothing new one in the history of cities , except in their scale .
A great many cities are experiencing difficulties which are nothing new one in the history , except in their scale .
A great many cities are experiencing difficulties which are nothing new one in the history and development of cities , except in their scale .
Some cities have lost their original purpose and have found a new one .
Some cities have lost their original purpose and have found a new one yet .
Some cities have lost their foremost purpose and have found a new one .
Some cities have absolutely lost their original purpose and have found a new one .
Some cities have completely lost their original purpose and have found a new one .
Some cities have lost their purpose and have found a new one .
There are backward towns Bombay or Brasilia , just as there were at the edge of seventeenth-century London or early nineteenth-century Paris .
There are several backward towns in Bombay or Brasilia , just as there were at the edge of seventeenth-century London or early nineteenth-century Paris .
There are impoverished towns Bombay or Brasilia , just as there were at the edge of seventeenth-century London or early nineteenth-century Paris .
There are some backward towns in Bombay or Brasilia , just as there were at the edge of seventeenth-century London or early nineteenth-century Paris .
There are backward towns Bombay or Brasilia in India , just as there were at the edge of seventeenth-century London or early nineteenth-century Paris .
There are backward towns Bombay or Brasilia , just as there were at the edge of seventeenth-century London .
This is new is the scale .
This is new is just the scale .
This is new is only the scale .
This is different is the scale .
This is worth mentioning is the scale .
This is new is the material .
Descriptions written by eighteenth-century travelers of the poor of Mexico City , and the enormous contrasts that was to be found there , are very familiar to descriptions of Mexico City today the poor can still be numbered in millions .
Descriptions written by eighteenth-century travelers of the poor of Mexico City , and the tremendous contrasts that was to be found there , are very familiar to descriptions of Mexico City today the poor can still be numbered in millions .
Descriptions written by eighteenth-century travelers of the poor of Mexico City , and the enormous contrasts that was to be discovered there , are very familiar to descriptions of Mexico City today the poor can still be numbered in millions .
Descriptions written by eighteenth-century travelers of the poor of Mexico City , and the enormous contrasts that was to be found there , are very familiar to descriptions of Mexico City nowadays the poor can still be numbered in millions .
Descriptions written by eighteenth-century travelers , and the enormous contrasts that was to be found there , are very familiar to descriptions of Mexico City today the poor can still be numbered in millions .
Descriptions written by eighteenth-century travelers of the poor of Mexico City and Spanish , and the enormous contrasts that was to be found there , are very familiar to descriptions of Mexico City today the poor can still be numbered in millions .
The whole monstrous growth rests on economic prosperity , but behind it lies two myths ; the myth of the city is a promised land , which attracts immigrants from rural poverty and brings it flooding into city centers , and the myth of the country as a Garden of Eden , which , a few generation later , sends it flooding out again to the suburbs .
The whole monstrous growth rests on economic prosperity , but behind it lies two myths ; the myth of the city is a promised land , which attracts immigrants from rural poverty to settle down and brings it flooding into city centers , and the myth of the country as a Garden of Eden , which , a few generation later , sends it flooding out again to the suburbs .
The whole appalling growth rests on economic prosperity , but behind it lies two myths ; the myth of the city is a promised land , which attracts immigrants from rural poverty and brings it flooding into city centers , and the myth of the country as a Garden of Eden , which , a few generation later , sends it flooding out again to the suburbs .
The whole monstrous growth depends on economic prosperity , but behind it lies two myths ; the myth of the city is a promised land , which attracts immigrants from rural poverty and brings it flooding into city centers , and the myth of the country as a Garden of Eden , which , a few generation later , sends it flooding out again to the suburbs .
The whole monstrous growth rests on rapid economic prosperity , but behind it lies two myths ; the myth of the city is a promised land , which attracts immigrants from rural poverty and brings it flooding into city centers , and the myth of the country as a Garden of Eden , which , a few generation later , sends it flooding out again to the suburbs .
The whole monstrous growth rests on economic prosperity , but behind it lies two myths ; the myth of the city is a promised land , which attracts immigrants from rural poverty and brings it flooding into city centers , and the myth of the country as a Garden of Eden , which , a few generation later , sends it flooding out again .
The original idea was that women who truly did not want a baby should not have to have it .
The original idea was that women who genuinely did not want a baby should not have to have it .
The original idea was that women who truly did not want a baby should insist on their will and not have to have it .
The mainstream idea was that women who truly did not want a baby should not have to have it .
The original idea was that women who really did not want a baby should not have to have it .
The original idea was that women who did not want a baby should not have to have it .
While pregnancy may be a blessed act whether planned or wanted , forced pregnancy , like any forced bodily invasion , is anathema to American values and traditions .
While pregnancy may be a blessed act whether planned or wanted , forced pregnancy , like any forced bodily invasion , is against American values and traditions .
While pregnancy may be a blessed act whether planned , forced pregnancy , like any forced bodily invasion , is anathema to American values and traditions .
While pregnancy may be a blessed act whether planned or wanted , forced pregnancy , considered as any forced bodily invasion , is anathema to American values and traditions .
While pregnancy may be taken for a blessed act whether planned or wanted , forced pregnancy , like any forced bodily invasion , is anathema to American values and traditions .
While pregnancy may be identified as a blessed act whether planned or wanted , forced pregnancy , like any forced bodily invasion , is anathema to American values and traditions .
With legalized abortion has become an everyday part of American life , a different side to it has emerged .
With legalized abortion has become more and more common in American life , a different side to it has emerged .
With legalized abortion has become a universal part of American life , a different side to it has emerged .
With legalized abortion has become an everyday part of American life among adults , a different side to it has emerged .
With illegalized abortion has become an everyday part of American life , a different side to it has emerged .
With legalized abortion has become an everyday part of American life , a different side has emerged .
Where women once were aborting because they did not want a child , the reasons given now are becoming very different .
Where women were aborting because they did not want a child in the past , the reasons given now are becoming very different .
Where women once were aborting because they did not prepare to have a child , the reasons given now are becoming very different .
Where women once were aborting because they did not want a child , the reasons given now are becoming very antithetic .
Where women once were aborting because they did not want a child , the reasons given now are becoming very contradictory .
Where women once were aborting because they did not want a child , the reasons given now are becoming different .
Abortion has turned into something that women are being coerced from boyfriends'/husbands ' unwilling to be fathers , out of fear of the financial pressure , out of the panic from losing their jobs , out of panic from having to quit the school , or becoming homeless , or out of fear of their parents kicking them out into the street .
Abortion has turned into something that women are being coerced from boyfriends'/husbands ' unwilling to be fathers , out of fear of the financial pressure , out of the panic from losing their occupations , out of panic from having to quit the school , or becoming homeless , or out of fear of their parents kicking them out into the street .
Abortion has turned into something that women are being coerced from boyfriends'/husbands ' unwilling to be fathers , out of fear of the financial pressure , out of the panic from losing their jobs , out of panic from having to drop out of the school , or becoming homeless , or out of fear of their parents kicking them out into the street .
Abortion has turned into something that women are being coerced from boyfriends'/husbands ' grudging to be fathers , out of fear of the financial pressure , out of the panic from losing their jobs , out of panic from having to quit the school , or becoming homeless , or out of fear of their parents kicking them out into the street .
Abortion has turned into something that women are being coerced from boyfriends'/husbands ' unwilling to take the responsibility of fathers , out of fear of the financial pressure , out of the panic from losing their jobs , out of panic from having to quit the school , or becoming homeless , or out of fear of their parents kicking them out into the street .
Abortion has turned into something that women are being coerced from boyfriends'/husbands ' unwilling to be fathers , out of fear of the financial pressure , out of panic from having to quit the school , or becoming homeless , or out of fear of their parents kicking them out into the street .
Abortion for these reasons can lead to problems which develop when a woman is unable to get round her emotional responses from the trauma of an abortion .
Abortion for these reasons can lead to problems that deteriorate when a woman is unable to get round her emotional responses from the trauma of an abortion .
Abortion for these reasons can lead to problems which develop when a woman is incapable of getting round her emotional responses from the trauma of an abortion .
Abortion related to these reasons can lead to problems which develop when a woman is unable to get round her emotional responses from the trauma of an abortion .
Abortion for these reasons can lead to problems which develop when a woman is unable to get round her responses from the trauma of an abortion .
Abortion for these reasons can lead to problems which develop when a woman is unable to get round her emotional and spiritual responses from the trauma of an abortion .
here are women who abort and do so completely of her own free will .
here are women who abort and do so completely of her own autonomous will .
here are women who abort completely of her own free will .
here are women who abort and do so absolutely of her own free will .
There are some women who abort and do so completely of her own free will .
here are women who do so completely of her own free will .
These women have no regrets , no remorse , and happy they had this choice valuable .
These women have no regrets , no ruefulness , and happy they had this choice valuable .
These women have no regrets , no remorse , and think it happy that they had this choice valuable .
These women have no regrets , no remorse , and felicitated they had this choice valuable .
These women have no regrets , no sorrow , and happy they had this choice valuable .
These women have no regrets , and happy they had this choice valuable .
But a growing number of women are speaking up about how abortion effected them adversely .
But a growing number of women are speaking up about how abortion effected them completely .
But there are still a great number of women who are speaking up about how abortion effected them adversely .
But a growing number of women are speaking up about how abortion effected their life adversely .
But a growing number of women are speaking up about how abortion effected them negatively .
But a growing number of women are speaking up about how abortion effected them .
Many of the home electric goods which are advertised as liberating the modern women tend to have the opposite effect , so they simply change the nature of work instead of eliminating it .
Many home electric goods which are advertised as liberating the modern women tend to have the opposite effect , so they simply change the nature of work instead of eliminating it .
Many of the appliances which are advertised as liberating the modern women tend to have the opposite effect , so they simply change the nature of work instead of eliminating it .
Many of the home electric goods which are advertised as liberating the modern women in fact tend to have the opposite effect , so they simply change the nature of work instead of eliminating it .
Many of the home electric goods which are advertised as liberating the modern women tend to have the opposite effect , so they merely change the nature of work instead of eliminating it .
Many of the home electric goods which are propagandized as liberating the modern women tend to have the opposite effect , so they simply change the nature of work instead of eliminating it .
Machines have a certain novelty value , as toys for kids . It is certainly less tired to put clothes in a washing machine but the time saved does not really amount too much the machine has to be watched , the clothes have to be carefully sorted out , stains removed by hand , water changedclothes taken out , aired and ironed .
Machines have a certain novelty value , just as toys for kids . It is certainly less tired to put clothes in a washing machine but the time saved does not really amount too much the machine has to be watched , the clothes have to be carefully sorted out , stains removed by hand , water changedclothes taken out , aired and ironed .
Machines have a certain novelty value , as toys for kids . It is undoubtedly less tired to put clothes in a washing machine but the time saved does not really amount too much the machine has to be watched , the clothes have to be carefully sorted out , stains removed by hand , water changedclothes taken out , aired and ironed .
Machines have a certain novelty value , as toys for kids . It is certainly less tired to put clothes in a washing machine but the time saved does not really amount too much the machine has to be watched , the clothes have to be sorted out cautiously , stains removed by hand , water changedclothes taken out , aired and ironed .
Machines have a certain novelty value , as toys for kids . It is certainly less tired to put clothes in a washer but the time saved does not really amount too much the machine has to be watched , the clothes have to be carefully sorted out , stains removed by hand , water changedclothes taken out , aired and ironed .
Machines have a certain novelty value , as toys for kids . It is certainly less tired to put clothes in a washing machine but the time saved does not really amount too much the machine has to be watched , the clothes have to be sorted out , stains removed by hand , water changedclothes taken out , aired and ironed .
It would be more liberal to pack it all off to a laundry and not necessarily more expensive , since no capital investment is required .
It would be more liberal to pack it all off to a laundry and not necessarily more expensive , since no capital investment participated in .
It would be more liberal to pack it all off and take it to a laundry and not necessarily more expensive , since no capital investment is required .
It would be more liberal to pack it all off to a laundry and not necessarily more costly , since no capital investment is required .
It is likely to be more liberal to pack it all off to a laundry and not necessarily more expensive , since no capital investment is required .
It would be more liberal to pack it all off to a laundry , since no capital investment is required .
Nevertheless , if you really want to save time you do not make cakes with an electric mixer , you buy one in a shop .
Nevertheless , if you really want to save time you do not make cakes with an electric mixer by yourself , you buy one in a shop .
Nevertheless , if you really want to save time you do not make cakes with an electric mixer , you go out and buy one in a shop .
Nevertheless , if you really want to save time you do not make bread with an electric mixer , you buy one in a shop .
Nevertheless , if you want to save time indeed you do not make cakes with an electric mixer , you buy one in a shop .
Nevertheless , if you really want to save time , you buy one in a shop .
If one compares the image of the woman in the women 's magazine to the goods advertised by those periodicals , one realizes how useful a projected image can be commercially .
If one compares the image of the woman in the women 's magazine to the goods advertised by those periodicals , one realizes how valuable a projected image can be commercially .
If one compares the image of the woman in the women 's magazine to the goods advertised by those periodicals , one may be aware of how useful a projected image can be commercially .
If one compares the image of the woman in the women 's magazine to the commodities advertised by those periodicals , one realizes how useful a projected image can be commercially .
If one compares the image of the woman in the magazine to the goods advertised by those periodicals , one realizes how useful a projected image can be commercially .
If one compares the image of the woman in the women 's magazine and journal to the goods advertised by those periodicals , one realizes how useful a projected image can be commercially .
A careful balance has to be struck : if you show a labor-saving device , following it up with a complicated recipe on the next page ; on any account hint at the notion that a woman could get herself a job but instead foster her sense of her own usefulness , emphasize the creative aspect of her function as a housewife .
A careful balance has to be struck : if you show a labor-saving device , following it up with a complicated recipe on the next page ; on any account hint at the notion that a woman could get herself a job but instead foster her sense of her own effectiveness , emphasize the creative aspect of her function as a housewife .
A careful balance has to be struck : if you show a labor-saving device , following it up with a complicated recipe on the next page ; on any account hint at the notion that a woman could get herself a job but instead foster her sense of her own usefulness , emphasize the creative aspect of her character as a housewife .
A careful balance has to be struck : if you show a labor-saving device , following it up with a complicated recipe on the next page ; on any account hint at the notion that a woman could get herself a job but instead foster her sense of her own usefulness , emphasize the creative aspect and high efficiency of her function as a housewife .
A scheming balance has to be struck : if you show a labor-saving device , following it up with a complicated recipe on the next page ; on any account hint at the notion that a woman could get herself a job but instead foster her sense of her own usefulness , emphasize the creative aspect of her function as a housewife .
A careful balance has to be struck : if you show a labor-saving device , following it up with a complicated recipe ; on any account hint at the notion that a woman could get herself a job but instead foster her sense of her own usefulness , emphasize the creative aspect of her function as a housewife .
People 's attitude toward drugs vary from person to person , some regard them miraculous ; others think of them as dangerous .
People 's attitude toward drugs vary from person to person , some consider them miraculous ; others think of them as dangerous .
People 's attitude toward cosmetic surgeries vary from person to person , some regard them miraculous ; others think of them as dangerous .
People 's attitude toward drugs vary from person to person , some regard them supernatural ; others think of them as dangerous .
People 's attitude toward drugs vary from person to person , some regard them miraculous ; others think they should be eradicated .
People 's attitude toward drugs and cigarettes vary from person to person , some regard them miraculous ; others think of them as dangerous .
Then what is the sensible attitude toward drugs ? I think the first thing to think is the difference between drugs and wonder drugs .
Then what is the sensible attitude toward drugs ? I think the first thing to think is the distinction between drugs and wonder drugs .
Then what is the sensible attitude toward drugs ? I believe the first thing to think is the difference between drugs and wonder drugs .
Then what is the sensible attitude toward drugs ? I think the most important thing to think is the difference between drugs and wonder drugs .
What is the sensible attitude toward drugs ? I think the first thing to think is the difference between drugs and wonder drugs .
Then what is the sensible attitude toward drugs ? I think the first and the most important thing to think is the difference between drugs and wonder drugs .
The antibiotics can really treat certain bacterial diseases .
The antibiotics can effectively treat certain bacterial diseases .
The antibiotics can really treat certain viral diseases .
The antibiotics can really treat certain bacterial diseases at a low cost .
The antibiotics can really treat certain bacterial infections .
The antibiotics can treat certain bacterial diseases .
With them , the doctor 's bag of tricks is limited . He has no wonder drugs .
With them , the doctor 's bag of tricks is constricted . He has no wonder drugs .
With them , the doctor 's bag of tricks is restricted . He has no wonder drugs .
With it , the doctor 's bag of tricks is limited . He has no wonder drugs .
With them , the doctor 's bag of tricks is limited .
With them , the doctor 's bag of tricks is limited and useless . He has no wonder drugs .
If you can accept the fact that the war against many of our most devastating diseases is , at best , a holding operation more than an inevitable triumph , they will do a great deal to ease your own life as well as that of your doctor .
If you can accept the fact that the war against many of our most devastating diseases is , at best , a drawn game more than an inevitable triumph , they will do a great deal to ease your own life as well as that of your doctor .
If you can accept the fact that the war against many of our most devastating diseases is , at best , a holding operation more than an undoubted triumph , they will do a great deal to ease your own life as well as that of your doctor .
If you can accept the fact that the battle against many of our most devastating diseases is , at best , a holding operation more than an inevitable triumph , they will do a great deal to ease your own life as well as that of your doctor .
If you can accept the fact that the war against many of our most devastating diseases is , at best , a holding operation more than an inevitable triumph , they will do a great deal to ease your own life and make you happy as well as that of your doctor .
If you can accept the fact that the war against many of our most devastating diseases is , at best , a holding operation more than an inevitable triumph , they will do a great deal to ease your own life .
So many patients exert great pressure on doctors to prescribe for every symptom , even when such treatment is warranted or dangerous .
So many patients exert great pressure on doctors and require them to prescribe for every symptom , even when such treatment is warranted or dangerous .
So many patients exert great pressure on doctors to prescribe for every symptom , even when such treatment is warranted or even dangerous .
So many patients exert great pressure on doctors to prescribe for every symptom , even when such treatment is warranted or harmful .
So many patients and their relatives exert great pressure on doctors to prescribe for every symptom , even when such treatment is warranted or dangerous .
So many patients exert great pressure on doctors , even when such treatment is warranted or dangerous .
The patient that demands a short of penicillin for every sniffle and sneeze may be given the injection by a reluctant physician because he is certain that if he does not , the patient will not search until he finds a doctor who will .
The patient that demands a short of penicillin for every sniffle and sneeze may be given the injection by an involuntary physician because he is certain that if he does not , the patient will not search until he finds a doctor who will .
The patient that demands a short of penicillin for every sniffle may be given the injection by a reluctant physician because he is certain that if he does not , the patient will not search until he finds a doctor who will .
The patient that requests a short of penicillin for every sniffle and sneeze may be given the injection by a reluctant physician because he is certain that if he does not , the patient will not search until he finds a doctor who will .
The patient that demands a short of penicillin for every sniffle and sneeze may be given the injection by a reluctant physician because he knows it from the bottom of his heart that if he does not , the patient will not search until he finds a doctor who will .
The patient that demands a short of penicillin for every sniffle and sneeze may be given the injection by a reluctant physician because he is certain that if he refuses to do so , the patient will not search until he finds a doctor who will .
I remember that when I left the school I said to myself : Hence forward.I can get up when I like and go to bed when I like .
I remember that when I left the school I said to myself : Hence forward.I can get up when I like and go to bed as I wish .
I remember that when I left the school I said to myself : Hence forward.I can get up and go to bed whenever I like .
I remember that when I left the school I swore to myself : Hence forward.I can get up when I like and go to bed when I like .
I remember that when I left the high school I said to myself : Hence forward.I can get up when I like and go to bed when I like .
I remember that when I left the school I said to myself : Hence forward.I can get up when I like .
That of course was an exaggeration , and I soon found that whenever you have an aim must sacrifice something of freedom to achieve it .
That of course was an exaggeration , and I soon found that whenever you have a goal must sacrifice something of freedom to achieve it .
That of course was a misrepresentation , and I soon found that whenever you have an aim must sacrifice something of freedom to achieve it .
That of course was an exaggeration , and I soon found that whenever you have an aim must sacrifice something such as freedom to achieve it .
That was an exaggeration , and I soon found that whenever you have an aim must sacrifice something of freedom to achieve it .
That of course was an exaggeration , and I soon found that whenever you have an aim must sacrifice something of freedom and time to achieve it .
But by the time you have reached middle age you have discovered how much freedom it was worth to sacrifice in order to achieve any aim that you have in view .
But by the time you have reached middle age you have discovered how much disengagement it was worth to sacrifice in order to achieve any aim that you have in view .
But by the time you have reached twilight years you have discovered how much freedom it was worth to sacrifice in order to achieve any aim that you have in view .
But until you have reached middle age you have discovered how much freedom it was worth to sacrifice in order to achieve any aim that you have in view .
But by the time you have reached middle age you have discovered how much freedom it was worth to sacrifice in order to achieve any aim .
But by the time you have reached middle age you have discovered how much freedom it was worth to sacrifice in order to achieve any special aim that you have in view .
When I was a boy I was tortured by shyness , but middle age has to a great extent brought me a relief from this .
When I was a boy I was shy and reserved , but middle age has to a great extent brought me a relief from this .
When I was a boy I was too shy to express my feeling , but middle age has to a great extent brought me a relief from this .
When I was in my childhood I was tortured by shyness , but middle age has to a great extent brought me a relief from this .
I was tortured by shyness , but middle age has to a great extent brought me a relief from this .
When I was a boy I was tortured by shyness and timidity , but middle age has to a great extent brought me a relief from this .
I have now such feeling and I save myself much discomfort .
I have now such passion and I save myself much discomfort .
I have now such feeling and I save myself much unease .
I have now such sentiment and I save myself much discomfort .
I have now such feeling and I also save myself much discomfort .
I have now such feeling .
I always hated cold water , but for many years I bath in cold seas because I wanted to be like everybody .
I always hated cold water , but for so many years I bath in cold seas because I wanted to be like everybody .
I always hated cold water , but for many years I bath in cold seas for the reason I wanted to be like everybody .
I always feared low temperatures , but for many years I bath in cold seas because I wanted to be like everybody .
I always hated cold water , but for many years I bath in cold ponds because I wanted to be like everybody .
I hated cold water , but for many years I bath in cold seas because I wanted to be like everybody .
I find with middle age no one expects me to walk twenty-five miles , or to play a scratch game of golfor dive from a height of thirty feet .
I find it until my middle age no one expects me to walk twenty-five miles , or to play a scratch game of golfor dive from a height of thirty feet .
I find with middle age no one expects me to go hiking for twenty-five miles , or to play a scratch game of golfor dive from a height of thirty feet .
I find with middle age no one encourages me to walk twenty-five miles , or to play a scratch game of golfor dive from a height of thirty feet .
I find no one expects me to walk twenty-five miles , or to play a scratch game of golfor dive from a height of thirty feet .
I find with middle age no one expects me to walk or run twenty-five miles , or to play a scratch game of golfor dive from a height of thirty feet .
That is what makes youth unhappy , the vehement anxiety to be like other people , and that is what makes middle age intolerable , the reconciliation with oneself .
That is what makes youth unhappy , the vehement anxiety to be the same as other people , and that is what makes middle age intolerable , the reconciliation with oneself .
That is what makes youth wretched , the vehement anxiety to be like other people , and that is what makes middle age intolerable , the reconciliation with oneself .
That is what makes youth unhappy , the vehement anxiety to be like others , and that is what makes middle age intolerable , the reconciliation with oneself .
That is what makes youth unhappy , the vehement anxiety to be like other people , and that is what makes middle age intolerable .
That is what makes youth unhappy and anxious , the vehement anxiety to be like other people , and that is what makes middle age intolerable , the reconciliation with oneself .
Word processors and typists will lose about 93 , 000 jobs the next few years , while 57 , 000 secretarial jobs will vanish .
Word processors and typists will lose about 93 , 000 jobs the next few years , while 57 , 000 secretarial jobs will evaporate .
Word processors and typists will lose about 93 , 000 jobs the next few years , while 57 , 000 secretarial and supervisory jobs will vanish .
Word processors and receptionists will lose about 93 , 000 jobs the next few years , while 57 , 000 secretarial jobs will vanish .
Word processors and typists will lose about 93 , 000 jobs the next few years , while nearly 57 , 000 secretarial jobs will vanish .
Word processors will lose about 93 , 000 jobs the next few years , while 57 , 000 secretarial jobs will vanish .
But not anyone who loses a job will end up in the unemployment line .
But not anyone who loses a job will become unemployed ultimately .
But not anyone who is out of work will end up in the unemployment line .
On the other hand , not anyone who loses a job will end up in the unemployment line .
However , not anyone who loses a job will end up in the unemployment line .
Not anyone who loses a job will end up in the unemployment line .
Many will shift to grown positions within their own companies .
Many will be arranged to grown positions within their own companies .
Many will shift to grown positions within their own interprises .
Many will shift to grown occupations within their own companies .
Many people will shift to grown positions within their own companies .
Many will shift to grown positions .
She is now communications technician , earning about $ 64 , 000 per year .
She is currently communications technician , earning about $ 64 , 000 per year .
She is now conversations technician , earning about $ 64 , 000 per year .
She is now communications engineer , earning about $ 64 , 000 per year .
She is communications technician , earning about $ 64 , 000 per year .
She is now communications technician in Ameican , earning about $ 64 , 000 per year .
To succeed in the new job market , you must be able to handle complex problem .
To succeed in the new job market , you need to be capable of handling complex problem .
To succeed in the new occupation market , you must be able to handle complex problem .
To succeed in the new job market , you must be able to handle sophisticated problem .
To succeed , you must be able to handle complex problem .
To succeed in the new job market , you must be able to handle complex problem and have a strong mind .
Indeed , all but one of the 50 highest-paying occupations air-traffic controller demands at least a bachelor 's degree .
Indeed , all but only one of the 50 highest-paying occupations air-traffic controller demands at least a bachelor 's degree .
Indeed , all but one of the 50 highest-paying occupations air-traffic controller demands at least a master 's degree .
Indeed , all but one of the 50 well-paying occupations air-traffic controller demands at least a bachelor 's degree .
Indeed , all but one of the 50 highest-paying occupations air-traffic controller demands at least a doctor 's degree .
Indeed , all but one of the 50 highest-paying occupations air-traffic controller demands a bachelor 's degree .
Since less factory and clerical jobs will be available , what 's left will be the jobs that computation ca n't kill : computers ca n't clean offices , or care Alzheimer 's patients .
Since less factory and clerical jobs will be available , what 's left will be the jobs that computation ca n't kill : computers ca n't clean offices , or cook Alzheimer 's patients .
Since less service and clerical jobs will be available , what 's left will be the jobs that computation ca n't kill : computers ca n't clean offices , or care Alzheimer 's patients .
Since less factory and clerical jobs will be available for human , what 's left will be the jobs that computation ca n't kill : computers ca n't clean offices , or care Alzheimer 's patients .
Since less factory and clerical jobs will be available , what 's left will be the jobs that computation ca n't substitute : computers ca n't clean offices , or care Alzheimer 's patients .
Since less factory and clerical jobs will be available , what 's left will be the jobs that computation ca n't kill : computers ca n't care Alzheimer 's patients .
But , since most people have the skills to fill those positions , the wages stay painfully low , means computation could drive an even deeper wedge between the rich and poor .
But , since most people have the skills to fill those occupations , the wages stay painfully low , means computation could drive an even deeper wedge between the rich and poor .
But , since most people have the skills to fill those positions , the salary stays painfully low , means computation could drive an even deeper wedge between the rich and poor .
But , since most people have the skills to fill those positions , the wages stay painfully low , means computation could drive an even deeper disparity between the rich and poor .
But , since most people have the skills to fill those positions , the wages stay low , means computation could drive an even deeper wedge between the rich and poor .
But , since most people have the skills to fill those positions and live a poor life , the wages stay painfully low , means computation could drive an even deeper wedge between the rich and poor .
The best advice now : never stop learning , and keep with new technology .
The best advice now : never stop dreaming , and keep with new technology .
The best advice now : never stop emulating , and keep with new technology .
The best advice now : never stop learning , and keep with new technology and culture .
The best advice now : keep learning , and keep with new technology .
The best advice : never stop learning , and keep with new technology .
Thirty-one million Americans are over 60 years of age , and twenty-nine million of them are health , busy , productive citizens .
Thirty-one million Americans are over 60 years of age , and gratifyingly twenty-nine million of them are health , busy , productive citizens .
Thirty-one million Americans are over 60 years of age , and twenty-nine million of them are health , orderly , productive citizens .
Thirty-one million Americans are over 60 years of age , and twenty-nine million of them are health , efficient , productive citizens .
Thirty-one million Americans are more than 60 years old , and twenty-nine million of them are health , busy , productive citizens .
Thirty-one million Americans are over 60 years of age , and twenty-nine million of them are health , busy citizens .
By the year 2030 , one of every five people in the United States will be over 60 .
Until about 2030 , one of every five people in the United States will be over 60 .
By the year 2030 , one of every five people in the United States will be over 60 years old .
By the year 2030 , one of every five people in the United States will exceed 60 .
By the twentieth century , one of every five people in the United States will be over 60 .
By the year 2030 , one of every five people will be over 60 .
Older people are members of the fastest-growing majority in this country .
Older people are members of the fastest-developing majority in this country .
Older people are members of the fastest-aging majority in this country .
Older people are members of the fastest-growing majority in this continent .
Older people consist of the fastest-growing majority in this country .
Older people are members of the fastest-growing majority .
This group is made of young and old citizens .
This association is made of young and old citizens .
This group is made of poor and rich citizens .
This group is made of healthy and unhealthy citizens .
This group is made of young citizens .
This volunteer group is made of young and old citizens .
They are trying to treat with the special problems of growing old in America .
They are trying to treat with the unique problems of growing old in America .
They are trying to treat with the special problems related to growing old in America .
They are trying their best to treat with the special problems of growing old in America .
They are trying to treat with the special issues of growing old in America .
They are trying to treat with the special problems in America .
The Gray Panthers know that many elderly people have healthy problems : some can not walk well ; others can not see or hear well ; some have financial problems prices are going up fast that the elderly ca n't afford the food , clothing , and housing they need .
The Gray Panthers know that many elderly people have healthy problems : some can not walk well ; others can hardly see or hear ; some have financial problems prices are going up fast that the elderly ca n't afford the food , clothing , and housing they need .
The Gray Panthers know that many elderly people have healthy problems : some can not walk well ; others are not capable of using online payment ; some have financial problems prices are going up fast that the elderly ca n't afford the food , clothing , and housing they need .
The Gray Panthers know that many elderly people have healthy problems : some can not walk well ; others suffer from insomnia ; some have financial problems prices are going up fast that the elderly ca n't afford the food , clothing , and housing they need .
The Gray Panthers know that many elderly people have healthy problems : some can not walk well ; others can not see or hear well ; some have financial problems prices are going up fast that the elderly ca n't afford the clothing , and housing they need .
The Gray Panthers know that many elderly people have healthy problems : some can not walk well ; others can not see or hear well ; some have financial problems prices are going up fast that the elderly ca n't afford the food , clothing , health care and housing they need .
Many elderly are lonely because of the death of a husband and a wife .
Many elderly are lonely due to the death of a husband and a wife .
Many elderly are lonely owing to the death of a husband and a wife .
Many old people are lonely because of the death of a husband and a wife .
Many are lonely because of the death of a husband and a wife .
Many elderly are lonely maybe because of the death of a husband and a wife .
So , the Gray Panthers are looking at ways to solve the special problems of the elderly .
So , the Gray Panthers are looking at approaches to solve the special problems of the elderly .
So , the Gray Panthers are looking at ways to solve the special problems for the elderly .
As the result , the Gray Panthers are looking at ways to solve the special problems of the elderly .
So , the Gray Panthers are looking at ways to solve the special problems .
So , the Gray Panthers are looking at ways to solve the special problems of the elderly and patients .
They want to help elders to stay youthfully at heart .
They want to help elders to stay youthfully in their hearts .
They want to help elders to keep youthfully at heart .
They want to help seniors to stay youthfully at heart .
They help elders to stay youthfully at heart .
They want to help young people and elders to stay youthfully at heart .
In a family where the roles of men and women are not sharply separated and where many household tasks are shared in a greater or lesser extent , notions of male superiority are hard to maintain .
In a family where the roles of men and women are not markedly separated and where many household tasks are shared in a greater or lesser extent , notions of male superiority are hard to maintain .
In a family where the roles of men and women are not sharply separated and where part of household tasks are shared in a greater or lesser extent , notions of male superiority are hard to maintain .
In a kinship group where the roles of men and women are not sharply separated and where many household tasks are shared in a greater or lesser extent , notions of male superiority are hard to maintain .
In a family where many household tasks are shared in a greater or lesser extent , notions of male superiority are hard to maintain .
In a family or a company where the roles of men and women are not sharply separated and where many household tasks are shared in a greater or lesser extent , notions of male superiority are hard to maintain .
he pattern of sharing in tasks and in decisions make for equality , and this in turn leads to less sharing .
he pattern of sharing in tasks and in decisions make for equal status , and this in turn leads to less sharing .
he pattern of sharing in tasks and in decisions make for equality , and this in return leads to less sharing .
he pattern of sharing in tasks and in decisions make for equality , and this in turn leads to less sharing and cooperation .
he pattern of sharing in jobs and in decisions make for equality , and this in turn leads to less sharing .
he pattern of sharing in decisions make for equality , and this in turn leads to less sharing .
If the process goes too far , man 's role will be regarded as less important and that has happened in some case .
If the process goes too far , man 's role will be considered less important and that has happened in some case .
If the process goes too far , man 's roles will be regarded as less important than women and that has happened in some case .
If the process spreads through social media , man 's role will be regarded as less important and that has happened in some case .
If the promotion goes too far , man 's role will be regarded as less important and that has happened in some case .
If the process goes too far , man 's role will be regarded as less important in some case .
That we need is the recognition that bringing up children involves a partnership of equals .
That we need is the awareness that bringing up children involves a partnership of equals .
That we need is the recognition that rearing children involves a partnership of equals .
That we need is the recognition that bringing up children requires a partnership of equals .
That we need is the recognition that bringing up children involves a partnership .
That we need is the recognition that bringing up children involves a partnership of equals and mutual benefits .
There are signs that psychiatrists , psychologistssocial workers , and specialists of the family are becoming more aware of the part men play and they have decided that women should not receive all the credit not all the blame .
There are signs that psychiatrists and specialists of the family are becoming more aware of the part men play and they have decided that women should not receive all the credit not all the blame .
There are signs that psychiatrists , psychologistssocial workers , and specialists of the family are becoming more and more aware of the part men play and they have decided that women should not receive all the credit not all the blame .
There are signs that psychiatrists , psychologistssocial workers , and specialists of the family are becoming more aware of the role men play and they have decided that women should not receive all the credit not all the blame .
There are signs that psychiatrists , psychologistssocial workers , and specialists of the family are becoming more aware of the part men play and they have decided that women should not receive all the praise not all the blame .
There are signs that psychiatrists and specialists of the family are becoming more aware of the part men play and they have decided that women should not receive all the credit not all the blame .
We have almost given up saying that a woman 's place is the home . We are beginning , therefore , to analyze men 's place in the home and to insist that he does have a place in it .
We have almost given up saying that a woman 's place is the home . We start , therefore , to analyze men 's place in the home and to insist that he does have a place in it .
We have almost given up saying that a woman 's place is the home . We are beginning , therefore , to seek men 's place in the home and to insist that he does have a place in it .
We have almost given up saying that a woman 's place is the home . We are beginning , therefore , to analyze men 's position in the home and to insist that he does have a place in it .
We have almost given up saying that a woman 's place is the home . We are beginning , therefore , to analyze men 's place in the home .
In fact , we have almost given up saying that a woman 's place is the home. We are beginning , therefore , to analyze men 's place in the home and to insist that he does have a place in it .
The family is a cooperative enterprise for which it is difficult to lay up rules , because each family needs to work its own ways for solving its own problems .
The family is a cooperative enterprise for which it is difficult to lay up regulations , because each family needs to work its own ways for solving its own problems .
The family is a cooperative enterprise for which it is difficult to lay up rules , because each family needs to work its own ways for solving specific problems .
The family is a cooperative enterprise for which it is difficult to lay up rules , since each family needs to work its own ways for solving its own problems .
The family is a cooperative enterprise for which it is difficult to lay up rules , because each family needs to work its own ways .
The family is like a cooperative enterprise for which it is difficult to lay up rules , because each family needs to work its own ways for solving its own problems .
The girls in this sixth grade class in East Palo Alto , Californiaall have the same access to computers with boys , but researchers say , by the time they get to high school , they are victims of what the researchers call major new gender gap in technology .
The girls in this sixth grade class in East Palo Alto , Californiaall have the same access to programming with boys , but researchers say , by the time they get to high school , they are victims of what the researchers call major new gender gap in technology .
The girls in this sixth grade class in East Palo Alto , Californiaall have the same access to computers with boys , but according to researchers , by the time they get to high school , they are victims of what the researchers call major new gender gap in technology .
The girls in this sixth grade class in East Palo Alto , Californiaall have the same access to computers with boys , but researchers say , by the time they graduate and get to high school , they are victims of what the researchers call major new gender gap in technology .
The girls in this sixth grade class in East Palo Alto , Californiaall have the same access to computers with boys , but researchers say , by the time they are enrolled in high school , they are victims of what the researchers call major new gender gap in technology .
The girls in East Palo Alto , Californiaall have the same access to computers with boys , but researchers say , by the time they get to high school , they are victims of what the researchers call major new gender gap in technology .
Girls tend to be more comfortable than boys with the computer .
Girls tend to be more comfortable than boys with digital equipment .
Girls tend to be more comfortable than boys with artificial intelligence .
Girls tend to be more uncomfortable than boys with the computer .
Girls tend to be more comfortable than boys .
Girls in school tend to be more comfortable than boys with the computer .
They use it more for word processing rather than for problem solvingrather than to discover new ways which to understand information .
They use it more for word processing rather than for problem solvingrather than to discover new ways which to understand chemistry .
They use it more for word processing rather than for problem solvingrather than to discover new ways which to understand archaeology .
They use it more for word analysis rather than for problem solvingrather than to discover new ways which to understand information .
They use it more for word processing rather than for problem solvingrather than to discover ways which to understand information .
They use it more for word and image processing rather than for problem solvingrather than to discover new ways which to understand information .
Girls consistent rate themselves significantly lower than boys in their ability and confidence in using computers .
Girls consistent rate themselves significantly lower than boys in their ability and confidence in digital equipment .
Girls consistent rate themselves significantly lower than boys in their ability and efficiency in using computers .
Girls consistent rate themselves significantly lower than boys in their acquaintance and confidence in using computers .
Girls consistent rate themselves significantly lower than boys in their abilityand confidence.
Girls consistent rate themselves significantly lower than boys in their ability and confidence in using computers and phones .
And they use computers often than boys outside the classroom .
And they practice for computers often than boys outside the classroom .
And girls use computers often than boys outside the classroom .
And they use computers often than others outside the classroom .
And they use computers often than boys .
And they use computers often than boys at the age of 15 outside the classroom .
Charles Cheadle of Cesar Chavez School says , Boys are not so afraid they might do something what will harm the computer , whereas girls are afraid they might break it anyhow .
Charles Cheadle of Cesar Chavez School says , Boys are not so afraid they might do something what will be harmful to the computer , whereas girls are afraid they might break it anyhow .
Charles Cheadle of Cesar Chavez School says , Boys are not so afraid they might do something what will harm the computer , while girls are afraid they might break it anyhow .
Charles Cheadle of Cesar Chavez School says , Boys are not so afraid they might do something what will harm the computer , whereas girls may fear they might break it anyhow .
Charles Cheadle of Cesar Chavez School says , Boys are not afraid they might do something what will harm the computer , whereas girls are afraid they might break it anyhow .
Charles Cheadle of Cesar Chavez School says , Boys are not so afraid they might do something what will harm the computer , whereas girls are very afraid they might break it anyhow .
Six years ago , the software company Purple Moon noticed that girls ' computer usage was falling after boys .
About six years ago , the software company Purple Moon noticed that girls ' computer usage was falling after boys .
Six years ago , the software company Purple Moon conducted a survey and noticed that girls ' computer usage was falling after boys .
Six years ago , the software company Purple Moon discovered that girls ' computer usage was falling after boys .
Six years ago , the software company Purple Moon noticed that girls ' telephone usage was falling after boys .
Six years ago , Purple Moon noticed that girls ' computer usage was falling after boys .
One reason girls told us they do n't like computer games is not that they 're too violent , or too competitive . Girls just said they 're incredible boring .
One reason girls told us they do n't like video games is not that they 're too violent , or too competitive . Girls just said they 're incredible boring .
One reason girls told us they do n't like computer games is not that they 're too ferocious , or too competitive . Girls just said they 're incredible boring .
One reason girls told us they do n't like computer games is not that they 're too violent , or too agonistic . Girls just said they 're incredible boring .
One reason girls told us they do n't like computer games is not that they 're too violent , or too competitive . Girls just considered them incredible boring .
One reason girls told us they do n't like computer games is not that they 're too violent . Girls just said they 're incredible boring .
While experience taught them this was impossible , they tried to forecast weather conditions .
While experience taught them this was impossible , they tried to forecast climate .
While experience taught them this was impracticable , they tried to forecast weather conditions .
While experience in the past taught them this was impossible , they tried to forecast weather conditions .
While education taught them this was impossible , they tried to forecast weather conditions .
While experience taught them this was impossible .
Even earlier than 1000 B.C . there were weather seers in Babylon and priests who clever enough to denounce as frauds those predicted the weather a year in advance .
Even earlier than 1000 B.C . there were weather forecasters in Babylon and priests who clever enough to denounce as frauds those predicted the weather a year in advance .
Even earlier than 1000 B.C . there were weather seers in Babylon and priests who clever enough to criticize as frauds those predicted the weather a year in advance .
Even earlier than 1000 B.C . there were weather seers in Babylon and priests who clever enough to denounce as frauds those prematurely predicted the weather .
Even earlier than 1000 B.C . there were weather seers in Babylon and priests who clever enough to denounce as frauds those forecasted the weather a year in advance .
Even earlier than 1000 B.C . there were priests who clever enough to denounce as frauds those predicted the weather a year in advance .
Some forecasters used methods that seemed have no connection with the actual factors controlled the weather .
Some forecasters employed methods that seemed have no connection with the actual factors controlled the weather .
Some forecasters used approaches that seemed have no connection with the actual factors controlled the weather .
Some forecasters used methods that seemed have no connection with the realistic factors controlled the weather .
Some forecasters used methods that seemed have no connection with the factors controlled the weather .
Some forecasters and experts used methods that seemed have no connection with the actual factors controlled the weather .
Chickens and other animals were sacrificed and their intestines were poked to find signs indicated rain or drought .
Chickens and other animals were sacrificed dispiteously and their intestines were poked to find signs indicated rain or drought .
Chickens and other animals were sacrificed and their intestines were poked to find signs indicated monsoon or drought .
Chickens , cows and other animals were sacrificed and their intestines were poked to find signs indicated rain or drought .
Chickens and other animals were sacrificed and their viscera were poked to find signs indicated rain or drought .
Chickens and other animals were sacrificed and their intestines were poked to find signs indicated rain .
Onion 's skin thick and toughcoming weather is cold and rough .
Onion 's scarfskin thick and toughcoming weather is cold and rough .
Onion 's tegmen thick and toughcoming weather is cold and rough .
Onion 's cortex thick and toughcoming weather is cold and rough .
Onion 's skin thick and toughcoming weather is cold .
Onion 's and potato 's skin thick and toughcoming weather is cold and rough .
When the glowworm lights up his lamp , then the air is always damp ; If spiders forsake their cobwebs , the weather will for certain break ; If frogs remained in pools , the weather will be fine ; If they were seen on rocks , rain and cold were due .
When the glowworm lights up his lamp , then the air is always damp ; If spiders give up weaving their cobwebs , the weather will for certain break ; If frogs remained in pools , the weather will be fine ; If they were seen on rocks , rain and cold were due .
When the glowworm lights up his lamp , then the air is always damp ; If spiders forsake their cobwebs , the weather will absolutely break ; If frogs remained in pools , the weather will be fine ; If they were seen on rocks , rain and cold were due .
When the glowworm lights up his lamp , then the air is always damp ; If spiders forsake their cobwebs , the weather will for certain break ; If frogs remained in pools , the weather will be fine ; If they were discovered on rocks , rain and cold were due .
When the glowworm lights up his lamp , then the air is damp ; If spiders forsake their cobwebs , the weather will for certain break ; If frogs remained in pools , the weather will be fine ; If they were seen on rocks , rain and cold were due .
When the glowworm lights up his lamp , then the air is always damp and rainy; If spiders forsake their cobwebs , the weather will for certain break ; If frogs remained in pools , the weather will be fine ; If they were seen on rocks , rain and cold were due .
It 's difficult to say whether this rhyme should be taken seriously : HarkI hear the asses bray . Me thinks we 'll have any rain today .
It 's difficult to say whether this versification should be taken seriously : HarkI hear the asses bray . Me thinks we 'll have any rain today .
It 's difficult to say whether this rhyme should be recorded seriously : HarkI hear the asses bray . Me thinks we 'll have any rain today .
It 's difficult to say whether this rhyme should be taken seriously : HarkI hear the asses bray . Me thinks we 'll have any snow today .
It 's difficult to say whether this rhyme should be taken seriously : HarkI hear the asses bray . We 'll have any rain today .
It 's difficult to say whether these rhyme and songs should be taken seriously : HarkI hear the asses bray . Me thinks we 'll have any rain today .
As one of the many outgrowths of the sweeping federal health care law , health insurances and employers must now pay the cost of screening children for obesity and providing them with appropriate counseling .
As one of the many outgrowths of the comprehensive federal health care law , health insurances and employers must now pay the cost of screening children for obesity and providing them with appropriate counseling .
As one of the many outgrowths of the sweeping federal health care law , health insurances and employers must currently pay the cost of screening children for obesity and providing them with appropriate counseling .
As one of the many outgrowths of the sweeping federal health care law , health insurances and employers must now pay the cost of filtering children for obesity and providing them with appropriate counseling .
As one of the outgrowths of the sweeping federal health care law , health insurances and employers must now pay the cost of screening children for obesity and providing them with appropriate counseling .
As one of the many complex outgrowths of the sweeping federal health care law , health insurances and employers must now pay the cost of screening children for obesity and providing them with appropriate counseling .
Other than intensive hospital-based programs , few proved models exist for helping children and adolescents achieve and maintain a healthier weight , and researchers do not even fully understand the factors that contributed to the rapid raise in childhood obesity in recent years .
Other than intensive hospital-based programs , few proved models exist for helping children and adolescents achieve and maintain a healthier figure , and researchers do not even fully understand the factors that contributed to the rapid raise in childhood obesity in recent years .
Other than intensive hospital-based programs , few proved models exist for helping children and adolescents achieve and maintain a healthier weight , and researchers do not even fully understand the elements that contributed to the rapid raise in childhood obesity in recent years .
Other than intensive hospital-based programs , few proved models exist for helping children and adolescents achieve and maintain a healthier weight , and researchers do not even fully understand the factors that contributed to the rapid raise in childhood obesity recently .
Other than intensive hospital-based programs , few proved models exist for helping children achieve and maintain a healthier weight , and researchers do not even fully understand the factors that contributed to the rapid raise in childhood obesity in recent years .
Other than intensive hospital-based programs , few proved models exist for helping children and adolescents achieve and maintain a healthier weight , and researchers do not find the way to solve it , and they do not even fully understand the factors that contributed to the rapid raise in childhood obesity in recent years .
While there are many community efforts aiming at getting every child to eat better and exercise moreincluding Michelle Obama 's Let 's Move initiative , there is also growing demand for programs help children who are already seriously overweight .
While there are many community efforts to make every child eat better and exercise moreincluding Michelle Obama 's Let 's Move initiative , there is also growing demand for programs help children who are already seriously overweight .
While there are many community efforts aiming at getting every child to eat better and exercise moreincluding Michelle Obama 's Let 's Move initiative , there is also more and more demand for programs help children who are already seriously overweight .
While there are many community efforts aiming at getting every child to eat better and exercise moreincluding Michelle Obama 's Let 's Move initiative , there is also growing demand for programs help children who are already severely overweight .
While there are many community efforts aiming at getting every child to eat better Michelle Obama 's Let 's Move initiative , there is also growing demand for programs help children who are already seriously overweight .
While there are many community efforts aiming at getting every child to eat better and exercise moreincluding Michelle Obama 's Let 's Move initiative , there is also growing demand for programs help those children who are already seriously overweight .
WellPoint and the UnitedHealth Group , another large insurer , are experimenting with the new approaches , and even Weight Watchers says it is working to develop a program for children and teenagers .
WellPoint and the UnitedHealth Group , another large insurer , are experimenting with the new approaches , and even Weight Watchers says it devotes to developing a program for children and teenagers .
WellPoint and the UnitedHealth Group , another large insurer , are experimenting with the new approaches , and even Weight Watchers says it is working to exploit a program for children and teenagers .
WellPoint and the UnitedHealth Group , another large insurer , are experimenting with the new approaches , and even Weight Watchers says it is working to develop a program for adolescent and teenagers .
WellPoint and the UnitedHealth Group , are experimenting with the new approaches , and even Weight Watchers says it is working to develop a program for children and teenagers .
WellPoint and the UnitedHealth Group , another large insurer , are experimenting with the new approaches , and even Weight Watchers says it is working to develop a health program for children and teenagers .
Drug companies or medical device makers are also testing some products on children .
Drug companies or medical device makers are also testing some tailoress on children .
Drug companies or surgical device makers are also testing some products on children .
Drug companies or medical device makers are also testing some products on adolescent .
Drug companies or medical device makers are testing some products on children .
Drug companies or medical device makers are also testing some products on children to stay healthy.
Adults have a difficult time lose weight , and the issues are even more complicated with children and teenagers , experts say .
Adults have a difficult time lose weight , and the issues are even more sophisticated with children and teenagers , experts say .
Adults have various difficulties in lose weight , and the issues are even more complicated with children and teenagers , experts say .
Adults have a difficult time lose weight , and the issues are even more intricate with children and teenagers , experts say .
Adults have a difficult time lose weight , and the issues are even more complicated with children and teenagers .
Many adults have a difficult time lose weight , and the issues are even more complicated with children and teenagers , experts say .
Children are still growing , and the goal of any program maybe to help them grow into a healthier weight rather than to actually lose pounds ..
Children are still growing , and the goal of any program maybe to assist them in growing into a healthier weight rather than actually losing pounds ..
Children are still growing , and the goal of any program maybe to help them achieve a healthier weight rather than to actually lose pounds ..
Juveniles are still growing , and the goal of any program maybe to help them grow into a healthier weight rather than to actually lose pounds ..
Children are growing , and the goal of any program maybe to help them grow into a healthier weight rather than to actually lose pounds ..
Children and teenagers are still growing , and the goal of any program maybe to help them grow into a healthier weight rather than to actually lose pounds ..
Experts also say it to be successful , programs need to focus on the family as a whole .
Experts also say it to be successful , programs need to concentrate on the family as a whole .
Experts also say it to be successful , programs need to focus on the kinship group as a whole .
Experts also say it to be flourishing , programs need to focus on the family as a whole .
Experts say it to be successful , programs need to focus on the family as a whole .
Experts also say it to be successful , the weight loss programs need to focus on the family as a whole .
In 2009 , Pfizer paid $ 301 million settle allegations by the Justice Department that company representatives marketed Geodon dosage for unapproved uses and encouraged doctors to describe the drug at substantially much higher than approved dosages .
In 2009 , Pfizer paid $ 301 million settle allegations by the Justice Department that company representatives marketed Geodon dosage for unapproved uses and agitated doctors to describe the drug at substantially much higher than approved dosages .
In 2009 , Pfizer paid $ 301 million settle allegations by the Justice Department that company representatives marketed Geodon dosage for unapproved uses and encouraged physicians to describe the drug at substantially much higher than approved dosages .
In 2009 , Pfizer paid $ 301 million settle allegations by the Justice Department that company representatives marketed Geodon dosage for unapproved uses and encouraged doctors to describe the drug at significantly much higher than approved dosages .
Pfizer paid $ 301 million settle allegations by the Justice Department that company representatives marketed Geodon dosage for unapproved uses and encouraged doctors to describe the drug at substantially much higher than approved dosages .
In 2009 , Pfizer paid $ 301 million settle allegations by the Justice Department that company representatives marketed Geodon dosage for unapproved uses and even encouraged doctors to describe the drug at substantially much higher than approved dosages .
Like all psychotropic medications , Geodon has potential side effects , with anxiety and weight gain , and far more serious risks , including vision problems .
Like all psychotropic medications , Geodon has potential side effects , with anxiety and weight gain , and far more severe risks , including vision problems .
Like all psychotropic medications , Geodon has potential side effects , with anxiety and weight gain , and far more serious hazards , including vision problems .
Like all psychotropic medications , Geodon has potential side effects , with anxiety and weight gain , and far more serious menaces , including vision problems .
Geodon has potential side effects , with anxiety and weight gain , and far more serious risks , including vision problems .
Like all psychotropic medications , Geodon also has potential side effects , with anxiety and weight gain , and far more serious risks , including vision problems .
And Ms. Vargha 's sister was also taking four other psychological drugs , every with its own potentially damaging consequences , Ms. Vargha fought for years before her sister 's dosages were increased .
And Ms. Vargha 's sister was also taking four other psychological drugs , every with its own potentially damaging consequences , Ms. Vargha fought for a long time before her sister 's dosages were increased .
And Ms. Vargha 's sister was also taking four other psychological drugs , every with its own potentially damaging consequences , Ms. Vargha struggled for years before her sister 's dosages were increased .
And Ms. Vargha 's sister was also taking four other psychological medications , every with its own potentially damaging consequences , Ms. Vargha fought for years before her sister 's dosages were increased .
Ms. Vargha 's sister was also taking four other psychological drugs , every with its own potentially damaging consequences , Ms. Vargha fought for years before her sister 's dosages were increased .
And Ms. Vargha 's sister was also taking four other psychological drugs , every with its own potentially damaging consequences , Ms. Vargha fought for many years before her sister 's dosages were increased .
Why on earth would we give psychotropic medications to a population that are already vulnerable and struggling to use their brain ?
Why on earth would we give psychotropic medications to a population that are already assailable and struggling to use their brain ?
Why on earth would we give psychotropic medications to a population that are already vulnerable and struggling to control their brain ?
Why on earth would we give psychotropic medications to a population that are already compromising and struggling to use their brain ?
Why would we give psychotropic medications to a population that are already vulnerable and struggling to use their brain ?
Why on earth would we still give psychotropic medications to a population that are already vulnerable and struggling to use their brain ?
Why do we want to numb and dumb them much more ?
Why do we want to numb and harm them much more ?
Why do we want to injure and wound them much more ?
Why do we want to numb and dumb patients much more ?
Why do we want to numb them much more ?
Why do we always want to numb and dumb them much more ?
When a reporter visited Ms. Vargha 's home recently , her sister was disoriented and briefly mistook the reporter for an Iran policeman
When a reporter visited Ms. Vargha 's home recently , her sister was befuddled and briefly mistook the reporter for an Iran policeman
When a reporter visited Ms. Vargha 's domicile recently , her sister was disoriented and briefly mistook the reporter for an Iran policeman
When a reporter visited Ms. Vargha 's home recently , her sister was disoriented and briefly mistook the reporter for an Iran law officer
When a reporter visited Ms. Vargha 's home , her sister was disoriented and briefly mistook the reporter for an Iran policeman
When a reporter came to visit Ms. Vargha 's home recently , her sister was disoriented and briefly mistook the reporter for an Iran policeman
I want her to experience that she believed in .
I want her to perceive that she believed in .
I want her to comprehend that she believed in .
I want her to appreciate that she believed in .
I want to experience that she believed in .
I just want her to experience that she believed in .
The increase to 80 million people in 1996 alone is the equivalence of a new U.S. population every 3.4 years or new Canadian population every 138 days .
The augment to 80 million people in 1996 alone is the equivalence of a new U.S. population every 3.4 years or new Canadian population every 138 days .
The aggrandizement to 80 million people in 1996 alone is the equivalence of a new U.S. population every 3.4 years or new Canadian population every 138 days .
The step-up to 80 million people in 1996 alone is the equivalence of a new U.S. population every 3.4 years or new Canadian population every 138 days .
The increase to 80 million people in 1996 alone is the equivalence of a new U.S. population every 3.4 years
Tthe increase to 80 million people in 1996 alone is the equivalence of a new U.S. population every 3.4 years or a new Canadian population every 138 days .
The UN Population Fund predicts that in the year 2050 , the world population will have exploded to 10 billion people .
The UN Population Financial Institution predicts that in the year 2050 , the world population will have exploded to 10 billion people .
The UN Population Fund predicts that in the year 2050 , the world population will have erupted to 10 billion people .
The UN Population Fund predicts that in the year 2050 , the world population will have exceeded 10 billion .
The UN Population Fund predicts that in the year 2050 , the world population will have exploded to 10 billion.
The UN Population Fund predicts that in the year 2050 , the world population will have exploded to more than 10 billion people .
The chemicals we pour into the air also cause disease , for example , they attack the Earth 's ozone layer , which helps shield the Earth away the Sun 's deadly ultraviolet rays .
The chemical substances we pour into the air also cause disease , for example , they attack the Earth 's ozone layer , which helps shield the Earth away the Sun 's deadly ultraviolet rays .
The chemicals we pour into the air also cause disease , for example , they attack the Earth 's ozonosphere , which helps shield the Earth away the Sun 's deadly ultraviolet rays .
The chemicals we pour into the air also cause disease , for example , they attack the Earth 's ozone layer , which helps shield the Earth away the Sun 's toxic ultraviolet rays .
The chemicals we pour into the air cause disease , for example , they attack the Earth 's ozone layer , which helps shield the Earth away the Sun 's deadly ultraviolet rays .
The chemicals we pour into the air also cause disease , for example , they attack the Earth 's ozone layer easily , which helps shield the Earth away the Sun 's deadly ultraviolet rays .
It is well established that the ozone layer has thinned considerable during recent decades .
It is well corroborated that the ozone layer has thinned considerable during recent decades .
It is well reasserted that the ozone layer has thinned considerable during recent decades .
It is well authenticated that the ozone layer has thinned considerable during recent decades .
It is established that the ozone layer has thinned considerable during recent decades .
It is well established that the ozone layer has thinned considerable during recent decades due to climate change .
Concomitantly , the rate of new cases of the dead skin cancer , melanoma , grown dramatically from 1 , 168 of every 100 , 000 Americans to 3 , 650 .
Concomitantly , the rate of new cases of the dead skin cancer , melanoma , multiplied dramatically from 1 , 168 of every 100 , 000 Americans to 3 , 650 .
Concomitantly , the rate of new cases of the dead skin cancer , melanoma , grown spectacularly from 1 , 168 of every 100 , 000 Americans to 3 , 650 .
Concomitantly , the rate of new cases of the dead skin cancer , melanoma , amplified dramatically from 1 , 168 of every 100 , 000 Americans to 3 , 650 .
The rate of new cases of the dead skin cancer , melanoma , grown dramatically from 1 , 168 of every 100 , 000 Americans to 3 , 650 .
Concomitantly , the rate of new cases of the dead skin cancer , also called as melanoma , grown dramatically from 1 , 168 of every 100 , 000 Americans to 3 , 650 .
This 213 percent increase means that 40 , 300 Americans were diagnosed with melanoma in 1997 and 3 , 650 died from the disease .
This 213 percent increase means that 40 , 300 Americans suffered from melanoma in 1997 and 3 , 650 died from the disease .
This 213 percent increase means that 40 , 300 Americans were diagnosed with melanoma in 1997 and 3 , 650 among them died from the disease .
This 213 percent increase means that 40 , 300 Americans were diagnosed with dysentery in 1997 and 3 , 650 died from the disease .
This increase means that 40 , 300 Americans were diagnosed with melanoma in 1997 and 3 , 650 died from the disease .
This 213 percent increase means that no less than 40 , 300 Americans were diagnosed with melanoma in 1997 and 3 , 650 died from the disease .
There are some scientists who believe that pollution is even threatening the ability of humans to produce .
There are some scientists who were convinced that pollution is even threatening the ability of humans to produce .
There are several scientists who believe that pollution is even threatening the ability of humans to produce .
There are some scientists who believe that pollution is even prognosticating the ability of humans to produce .
There are scientists who believe that pollution is even threatening the ability of humans to produce .
There are some scientists who believe that pollution problem is even threatening the ability of humans to produce .
Since my people entrust me with the hard task of searching for our lost home , I have been filled with warm faith that those who carried their keys in the diaspora as they carry their own limbsand that who endured their wounds in the homeland and maintained their identity will be rewarded by return and freedom for their sacrifices .
Since my people entrust me with the hard task of searching for our lost home , I have been filled with warm faith that those who carried their keys in the diaspora as they carry their own limbsand that who endured their wounds in the homeland and maintained their identity will be rewarded by return and freedom for their personnel casualty .
Since my people entrust me with the hard task of searching for our lost home , I have been filled with warm faith that those who carried their keys in the diaspora as they carry their own limbsand that who withstood their wounds in the homeland and maintained their identity will be rewarded by return and freedom for their sacrifices .
Since my people entrust me with the hard task of searching for our lost home , I have been filled with warm faith that those who carried their keys in the diaspora as they carry their own limbsand that who endured their injuries in the homeland and maintained their identity will be rewarded by return and freedom for their sacrifices .
Since my people entrust me with the task of searching for our lost home , I have been filled with warm faith that those who carried their keys in the diaspora as they carry their own limbsand that who endured their wounds in the homeland and maintained their identity will be rewarded by return and freedom for their sacrifices .
Since my people entrust me with the hard task of searching for our lost home , I have been filled with warm faith that those who carried their keys in the diaspora as they carry their own limbsand that who endured their wounds in the homeland and maintained their identity will be honourably rewarded by return and freedom for their sacrifices .
I have also been filled with faith that the arduous trek up the long path of pain will end in our home 's yard .
I have also been filled with faith that the arduous trek up the long path of pain will end in our own domicile .
I have also been filled with faith that the effortful trek up the long path of pain will end in our home 's yard .
I have also been filled with faith that the arduous trek up the long path of pain will terminate in our home 's yard .
I have also been filled with faith that the arduous trek up the long path of pain will end in our yard .
I have also been filled with faith that the arduous trek up the long path of pain will soon end in our home 's yard .
As we celebrate together the first sight of the crescent of peace , I , at this podium look into the open eyes of the martyrs within my conscience .
As we celebrate together the first sight of the crescent of concordance , I , at this podium look into the open eyes of the martyrs within my conscience .
As we celebrate together the first sight of the crescent of harmony , I , at this podium look into the open eyes of the martyrs within my conscience .
As we celebrate together the first sight of the crescent of peace , I , at this podium look into the open eyes of the martyrs within my ethical motive .
I , at this podium look into the open eyes of the martyrs within my conscience .
As we celebrate together the first sight of the crescent of peace , I , at this podium look into the open eyes of the martyrs within all my conscience .
What true you were ; your generous blood has enabled us to see the holy land and to take your first steps in a difficult battle , the battle of peace , the peace of the brave .
What true you were ; your generous blood has enabled us to see the holy land and to take your first steps in a difficult battle , the battle of peace , the peace of the gallant .
What true you were ; your generous blood has enabled us to see the holy land and to take your first steps in a difficult battle , the battle of peace , the peace of the heroic .
What true you were ; your generous blood has enabled us to see the holy land and to take your first steps in a difficult battle , the battle of tranquility , the peace of the brave .
What true you were ; your generous blood has enabled us to see the holy land and to take your first steps in a difficult battle , the battle of peace , .
What true you were ; your generous blood has enabled us to see the holy land and to take your first and important steps in a difficult battle , the battle of peace , the peace of the brave .
As we celebrate together , we invoke the powers of creativity within us to reconstruct a home destroyed by war , a home overlooked our neighbor 's , where our children will play with their children and will compete picking flowers .
As we celebrate together , we invoke the powers of creativity within us to delineate a home destroyed by war , a home overlooked our neighbor 's , where our children will play with their children and will compete picking flowers .
As we celebrate together , we invoke the powers of creativity within us to reconstruct a home ruined by war , a home overlooked our neighbor 's , where our children will play with their children and will compete picking flowers .
As we celebrate together , we invoke the powers of creativity within us to reconstruct a home destroyed by war , a home overlooked our neighbor 's , where our descendants will play with their children and will compete picking flowers .
We invoke the powers of creativity within us to reconstruct a home destroyed by war , a home overlooked our neighbor 's , where our children will play with their children and will compete picking flowers .
As we celebrate together , we invoke the powers of creativity within us to reconstruct a home completely destroyed by war , a home overlooked our neighbor 's , where our children will play with their children and will compete picking flowers .
Now , I have a sense of national and human pride with my Palestinian Arab people 's patience and sacrifice , through which they have established an uninterrupted link between the homeland , history and the people , add to the old legends of the homeland an epic of hope .
Now , I have a sense of national and human pride with my Palestinian Arab people 's patience and sacrifice , through which they have established an uninterrupted link between the homeland , history and kinsfolk , add to the old legends of the homeland an epic of hope .
Now , I have a sense of national and human pride with my Palestinian Arab people 's patience and sacrifice , through which they have established a ceaseless link between the homeland , history and the people , add to the old legends of the homeland an epic of hope .
Now , I have a sense of national and human pride with my Palestinian Arab people 's patience and sacrifice , through which they have established an uninterrupted link between the homeland , history and the people , add to the old romaunt of the homeland an epic of hope .
I have a sense of national and human pride with my Palestinian Arab people 's patience and sacrifice , through which they have established an uninterrupted link between the homeland , history and the people , add to the old legends of the homeland an epic of hope .
Now , I have a sense of national and human pride with my Palestinian Arab people 's patience and sacrifice , through which they have established an uninterrupted link between the homeland , history and the people , add to the old and traditional legends of the homeland an epic of hope .
Changes in climate that had already taken place are manifested in the decrease in extent and thickness of Arctic sea ice , permafrost thawing , coastal erosion , changes in ice sheets and ice shelves , altered distribution and abundance of species .
Changes in climate that had already taken place are manifested in the increment in extent and thickness of Arctic sea ice , permafrost thawing , coastal erosion , changes in ice sheets and ice shelves , altered distribution and abundance of species .
Changes in climate that had already taken place are manifested in the decrease in extent and tenuity of Arctic sea ice , permafrost thawing , coastal erosion , changes in ice sheets and ice shelves , altered distribution and abundance of species .
Changes in climate that had already taken place are manifested in the decrease in extent and thickness of Arctic sea ice , permafrost thawing , coastal erosion , modification in ice sheets and ice shelves , altered distribution and abundance of species .
Changes in climate that had taken place are manifested in the decrease in extent and thickness of Arctic sea ice , permafrost thawing , coastal erosion , changes in ice sheets and ice shelves , altered distribution and abundance of species .
Changes in climate that had already taken place are wildly manifested in the decrease in extent and thickness of Arctic sea ice , permafrost thawing , coastal erosion , changes in ice sheets and ice shelves , altered distribution and abundance of species .
Nowadays snows melt early in the spring time . Lakes , rivers and bogs freeze much later in the autumn .
Nowadays snows melt early in the spring time . Lakes , rivers and wetlands freeze much later in the autumn .
Nowadays snows melt early in the spring time . Lakes , ponds and bogs freeze much later in the autumn .
Nowadays snows melt early in the spring time . Lakes , rivers and bogs crack much later in the autumn .
Snows melt early in the spring time . Lakes , rivers and bogs freeze much later in the autumn .
Nowadays snows melt early in the spring time . Meanwhile , lakes , rivers and bogs freeze much later in the autumn .
Reindeer herding becomes more difficult so the ice is weak and may give way .
Reindeer herding becomes more difficult so the ice is weak and may give way easily .
Reindeer herding becomes more arduous so the ice is weak and may give way .
Reindeer herding becomes more awkward so the ice is weak and may give way .
Reindeer herding becomes more difficult so the ice is weak.
Reindeer herding becomes more difficult so the ice is weak and may easily give way .
Occasionally at winter time it rains . We 've never expected this ; we could not be ready for this . It is very strange .
Occasionally at winter time it rains . We 've never forecasted this ; we could not be ready for this . It is very strange .
Occasionally at winter time it rains . We 've never expected this ; we could not be ready for this . It is very grotesque .
Occasionally at winter time it rains . We 've never expected this ; we could not be ready for this . It is very fantastical .
Occasionally at winter time it rains . We 've never expected this ; It is very strange .
Occasionally at winter time it rains . We 've never expected this ; we could not be ready for this . It is very strange to happen .
Warm over northern land areas has been very greater than elsewhere in the world .
Warm over northern land areas has been very greater than elsewhere globally .
Warm over northern land areas has been very greater than elsewhere across the globe .
Warm over northern land areas has been very more accelerated than elsewhere in the world .
Warm over northern land areas has been very greater than elsewhere .
Warm over northern land areas has been very greater than elsewhere in the ice world .
The changes are due to human modification of the concentration of greenhouse gases during the 20th century , leading quite directly to the projections the Artic will warm by several time as much during the 21st century as it did during the 20th century .
The transformations are due to human modification of the concentration of greenhouse gases during the 20th century , leading quite directly to the projections the Artic will warm by several time as much during the 21st century as it did during the 20th century .
The changes are due to human modification of the concentration of pneumato hydatogenesis during the 20th century , leading quite directly to the projections the Artic will warm by several time as much during the 21st century as it did during the 20th century .
The changes are due to human modification of the concentration of greenhouse gases during the 20th century , leading quite directly to the projections the Artic will become warmer by several time as much during the 21st century as it did during the 20th century .
The changes are due to human modification of the concentration of greenhouse gases , leading quite directly to the projections the Artic will warm by several time as much during the 21st century as it did during the 20th century .
The climate changes are due to human modification of the concentration of greenhouse gases during the 20th century , leading quite directly to the projections the Artic will warm by several time as much during the 21st century as it did during the 20th century .
The amplified warming in the Arctic , in turn , directly contributes to overall global warming , as well as causing changes that create impacts on the rest of the globe .
The amplified warming in the Arctic and Antarctic , in turn , directly contributes to overall global warming , as well as causing changes that create impacts on the rest of the globe .
The amplified warming in the Arctic , in turn , directly contributes to general global warming , as well as causing changes that create impacts on the rest of the globe .
The amplified warming in the Arctic , in turn , directly contributes to overall global warming , as well as causing modifications that create impacts on the rest of the globe .
The amplified warming in the Arctic , in turn , contributes to overall global warming , as well as causing changes that create impacts on the rest of the globe .
The amplified warming in the Arctic , in turn , directly contributes to overall global warming , as well as causing climate changes that create impacts on the rest of the globe .
Footings are cement piers under which the entire building rests .
Footings are clay piers under which the entire building rests .
Footings are cement wharves under which the entire building rests .
Footings are cement piers under which the whole building rests .
Footings are cement piers under which the building rests .
Footings are necessary cement piers under which the entire building rests .
With a similar way in these brief early years , parents of young children have the challenging job of lying the foundation that will support family friendships in later years .
With a similar way in these brief early years , parents of juveniles have the challenging job of lying the foundation that will support family friendships in later years .
With a similar way in these brief early years , parents of young children have the provocative job of lying the foundation that will support family friendships in later years .
With a similar way in these brief early years , parents of young children have the challenging job of lying the foundation that will sanction family friendships in later years .
With a similar way in early years , parents of young children have the challenging job of lying the foundation that will support family friendships in later years .
With a similar way in these brief early years , parents of young children have the challenging job of lying the foundation that will support family friendships in later coming years .
Physical affectation and verbal affirmation are necessary in laying a strong foundation for friendship .
Physical affectation and verbal asseveration are necessary in laying a strong foundation for friendship .
Physical affectation and verbal affirmation are indispensable in laying a strong foundation for friendship .
Physical affectation and verbal affirmation are incumbent in laying a strong foundation for friendship .
Physical affectation and verbal affirmation are necessary .
Physical affectation and verbal affirmation are necessary and important in laying a strong foundation for friendship .
Even if you are not raised in a hugging family , hug your kids anyway .
Even if you are not raised in a hugging family , hug your descendants anyway .
Even if you are not raised in a hugging family , hug and kiss your kids anyway .
Even if you are not raised in a hugging family , hug your kinchins anyway .
Even if you are not raised in a hugging family , hug your kids .
Even if you are not raised in a hugging family , hug and respect your kids anyway .
They need the warm of physical contact and so do you .
They need the warm of physical interaction and so do you .
They need the warm of physical connection and so do you .
They acquire the warm of physical contact and so do you .
They need the warm of physical contact .
Obviously , they need the warm of physical contact and so do you .
A young child will try to manipulate and be in the charge , and he will attempt to get his own way .
A young child intend to manipulate and be in the charge , and he will attempt to get his own way .
A young child will try to chisel and be in the charge , and he will attempt to get his own way .
A young child will try to manipulate and be in the charge , and he will endeavour to get his own way .
A child will try to manipulate and be in the charge , and he will attempt to get his own way .
A young child will try to manipulate and be in the charge , and he will also attempt to get his own way .
Since the child may not be consciously trying to control , this is what he is doing .
Since the child may not be consciously trying to supervise , this is what he is doing .
Since the child may not be consciously trying to administer , this is what he is doing .
Since the child may not be consciously intending control , this is what he is doing .
Since the child may not be trying to control , this is what he is doing .
Since the child may not be consciously trying to control himself , this is what he is doing .
A wise parent must not permit to happen .
A sagacious parent must not permit to happen .
A wise genitor must not permit to happen .
A wise parent must not consent to happen .
A wise parent mustpermit to happen .
A wise and perspicacious parent must not permit to happen .
When a child respects his parents , he will also respect the others .
When a child respects his folks , he will also respect the others .
When a child respects his mentors , he will also respect the others .
When an adolescent respects his parents , he will also respect the others .
He will also respect the others .
When a child respects his parents and other family members , he will also respect the others .
Although all the arts are essentially autonomous , owing to the different materials and techniques which they employ with , there is clearly a kind of bond between them .
Although all the arts are substantially autonomous , owing to the different materials and techniques which they employ with , there is clearly a kind of bond between them .
Although all the arts are essentially autonomous , owing to the various materials and techniques which they employ with , there is clearly a kind of bond between them .
Although all the arts are essentially autonomous , owing to the different materials and techniques which they employ with , there is clearly a kind of conjunction between them .
Although all the arts are autonomous , owing to the different materials and techniques which they employ with , there is clearly a kind of bond between them .
Although all the arts are essentially autonomous , owing to the different materials and techniques which they employ with , there is clearly a kind of invisible bond between them .
We speak of the architecture ofa symphony , and call architecture , in return , frozen music .
We speak of the architecture ofa symphony , and call architecture , in return , frostbitten music .
We speak of the architecture ofa symphony , and call architecture , in return , sleety music .
We speak of the architecture ofa symphony , and nominate architecture , in return , frozen music .
We speak of the symphony , and call architecture , in return , frozen music .
We speak of the architecture ofa symphony , and call architecture , in return , as frozen music .
Again , we say that certain writing has a sculptural qualityand sometime describe a piece of sculpture as a poem in stone .
Again , we say that certain writing has a sculptural qualityand sometime describe a piece of sculpture as a literary composition in stone .
Again , we say that certain writing has a sculptural qualityand sometime describe a piece of sculpture as a poem in the material .
Again , we claim that certain writing has a sculptural qualityand sometime describe a piece of sculpture as a poem in stone .
We say that certain writing has a sculptural qualityand sometime describe a piece of sculpture as a poem in stone .
Again , we say that certain writing has a sculptural qualityand sometime describe a piece of sculpture as a poem written in stone .
Admittedly , much of the phraseology which traffic between the arts is pure metaphorical , being concerned only with the effect of a work of art .
Admittedly , much of the phraseology which traffic between the arts is pure metaphorical , being concerned only with the phenomenon of a work of art .
Admittedly , much of the phraseology which traffic between the arts is pure metaphorical , being concerned only with the validity of a work of art .
Admittedly , much of the phraseology which traffic between the arts is pure metaphorical , being concerned only with the effect of an opus of art .
Much of the phraseology which traffic between the arts is pure metaphorical , being concerned only with the effect of a work of art .
Admittedly , much of the phraseology which traffic between the outstanding arts is pure metaphorical , being concerned only with the effect of a work of art .
Thus , in calling a statue a poem in stone we merely indicate that its effect on us is that impalpable kind we normally receive from poetry ; we do not make an objective statement about the sculptor 's intention or technical procedure .
Consequently , in calling a statue a poem in stone we merely indicate that its effect on us is that impalpable kind we normally receive from poetry ; we do not make an objective statement about the sculptor 's intention or technical procedure .
Thus , in calling a statue a poem in stone we merely indicate that its effect on us is that imperceptible kind we normally receive from poetry ; we do not make an objective statement about the sculptor 's intention or technical procedure .
Thus , in calling a statue a poem in stone we merely indicate that its effect on us is that unperceivable kind we normally receive from poetry ; we do not make an objective statement about the sculptor 's intention or technical procedure .
Thus , in calling a statue a poem in stone we merely indicate that its effect on us is that impalpable kind we receive from poetry ; we do not make an objective statement about the sculptor 's intention or technical procedure .
Thus , in calling a statue a poem in stone we merely indicate that its effect on us is that impalpable kind we normally receive from poetry ; we do not and cannot make an objective statement about the sculptor 's intention or technical procedure .
Such a metaphorwhile useful descriptive purposes , can not help us to gain a deeper understanding of the nature of art .
Such a metaphorwhile useful descriptive intentions , can not help us to gain a deeper understanding of the nature of art .
Such a metaphorwhile useful descriptive purposes , can not help us to obtain a deeper understanding of the nature of art .
Such a metaphorwhile useful descriptive purposes , can not help us to acquire a deeper understanding of the nature of art .
Such a metaphorwhile useful descriptive purposes , can not help us to gain a deeper understanding of art .
Such a metaphorwhile useful descriptive purposes , can not help us to gain a deeper and truer understanding of the nature of art .
On the other hand , comparison between one art and another can not help towards this end , when the comparison is not metaphorical , but analogical , being concerned with the artist 's intention and technical procedure .
On the other hand , comparison between one literature and another can not help towards this end , when the comparison is not metaphorical , but analogical , being concerned with the artist 's intention and technical procedure .
On the other hand , comparison between one art and another can not help towards this end , when the comparison is not metaphorical , but analogical , being haunted by the artist 's intention and technical procedure .
On the other hand , comparison between one art and another can not help towards this end , when the comparison is not metaphorical , but analogical , being obsessed by the artist 's intention and technical procedure .
Comparison between one art and another can not help towards this end , when the comparison is not metaphorical , but analogical , being concerned with the artist 's intention and technical procedure .
On the other hand , a comparison between one art and another can not help towards this end , when the comparison is not metaphorical , but analogical , being concerned with the artist 's intention and technical procedure .
Thus , when we speak of the architecture of a fugue , we are taking an objective statement that its composer has constructed it by methods analogous to those of the Architect that he has grouped masses of non-representational materialtone instead of stoneinto significant form , governing by the principles of proportion , balance , and symmetry ; and this throws some light on a particular type of music .
Thus , when we speak of the architecture of a fugue , we are taking an impartial statement that its composer has constructed it by methods analogous to those of the Architect that he has grouped masses of non-representational materialtone instead of stoneinto significant form , governing by the principles of proportion , balance , and symmetry ; and this throws some light on a particular type of music .
Thus , when we speak of the architecture of a fugue , we are taking an accusative statement that its composer has constructed it by methods analogous to those of the Architect that he has grouped masses of non-representational materialtone instead of stoneinto significant form , governing by the principles of proportion , balance , and symmetry ; and this throws some light on a particular type of music .
Thus , when we speak of the architecture of a fugue , we are taking an objective statement that its composer has constructed it by methods analogous to those of the Architect that he has grouped masses of non-representational materialtone instead of stoneinto significant form , governing by the principles of proportion , balance , and symmetry ; and this makes us understand a particular type of music .
When we speak of the architecture of a fugue , we are taking an objective statement that its composer has constructed it by methods analogous to those of the Architect that he has grouped masses of non-representational materialtone instead of stoneinto significant form , governing by the principles of proportion , balance , and symmetry ; and this throws some light on a particular type of music .
Thus , when we speak of the architecture of a fugue , we are taking an objective statement that its composer has constructed it by methods analogous to those of the Architect that he has grouped masses of non-representational materialtone instead of stoneinto significant form , governing by the principles of proportion , balance , and symmetry ; and this also throws some light on a particular type of music .
We live in a society there is a lot of talk about science , but I would say that there are not 5 percent of the people who are equipped with schooling , including college , to understand scientific reasoning .
We live in a society there is a lot of talk about science , but I would manifest that there are not 5 percent of the people who are equipped with schooling , including college , to understand scientific reasoning .
We live in a society there is a lot of talk about science , but I would say that there are not 5 percent of the people who are equipped with education , including college , to understand scientific reasoning .
We live in a society there is a lot of talk about science , but I would say that there are not 5 percent of the people who are equipped with schooling , including college , to apprehend scientific reasoning .
We live in a society there is a lot of talk about science , but I would say that there are not 5 percent of the people who are equipped with schooling , to understand scientific reasoning .
We live in a technology-based society there is a lot of talk about science , but I would say that there are not 5 percent of the people who are equipped with schooling , including college , to understand scientific reasoning .
We are less ignorant of science than people with comparable education in Western Europe .
We are less ignorant of science than people with identical education in Western Europe .
We are less ignorant of science than people with comparable education and implementation in Western Europe .
We are less ignorant of science and technology than people with comparable education in Western Europe .
We are less ignorant of science than people in Western Europe .
We are less ignorant of science and technology than people with comparable education in Western Europe .
So if you ask them to explain about the principles of physic that have gone into creating the computer , they do n't have the faintest idea .
So if you ask them to explain about the principles of physic that have gone into creating the computer , they do n't have the least distinct idea .
So if you ask them to interpret the principles of physic that have gone into creating the computer , they do n't have the faintest idea .
So if you ask them to illustrate the principles of physic that have gone into creating the computer , they do n't have the faintest idea .
So if you ask them to explain about physic that have gone into creating the computer , they do n't have the faintest idea .
So if you ask them to explain about the main principles of physic that have gone into creating the computer , they do n't have the faintest idea .
The failure to understand science leads to some things as the neglect of human creative power .
The failure to understand science leads to some things as the sloppiniess of human creative power .
The failure to understand science leads to some things as the neglect of human creativity .
The failure to apprehend science leads to some things as the neglect of human creative power .
The failure leads to some things as the neglect of human creative power .
The failure to understand science and technology leads to some things as the neglect of human creative power .
It also takes rise to a blurring of the distinction between science and technology . Lots of people do n't differ between the two . Science is the production of new knowledge that can be applied or not , and technology is the application of knowledge and the production of some products , machinery or the like .
It also takes rise to a blurring of the distinction between science and technology . Numerous people do n't differ between the two . Science is the production of new knowledge that can be applied or not , and technology is the application of knowledge and the production of some products , machinery or the like .
It also takes rise to a blurring of the distinction between science and technology . Lots of people do n't differ between the two . Science is the outcome of new knowledge that can be applied or not , and technology is the application of knowledge and the production of some products , machinery or the like .
It also takes rise to a misty distinction between science and technology . Lots of people do n't differ between the two . Science is the production of new knowledge that can be applied or not , and technology is the application of knowledge and the production of some products , machinery or the like .
It takes rise to a blurring of the distinction between science and technology . Lots of people do n't differ between the two . Science is the production of new knowledge that can be applied or not , and technology is the application of knowledge and the production of some products , machinery or the like .
It also takes rise to a blurring of the distinction between science and technology . Lots of people do n't differ between the two . In fact , science is the production of new knowledge that can be applied or not , and technology is the application of knowledge and the production of some products , machinery or the like .
The two are really different , and people who have the faculty for them very seldom have a faculty for the other .
The two are really sophisticated , and people who have the faculty for them very seldom have a faculty for the other .
The two are really different , and people who have the faculty for them very seldom have the capability of the other .
The two are really antithetic , and people who have the faculty for them very seldom have a faculty for the other .
People who have the faculty for them very seldom have a faculty for the other .
The two are really different from each other, and people who have the faculty for them very seldom have a faculty for the other .
Science in itself is harmlessmore or less . But as soon as it can provide technology , it 's not necessarily harmful .
Science in itself is harmlessmore or less . But as soon as it can supply technology , it 's not necessarily harmful .
Science in itself is harmlessmore or less . But as soon as it can distribute technology , it 's not necessarily harmful .
Science in itself is harmlessmore or less . But as soon as it can provide sungodbio-technology , it 's not necessarily harmful .
Science in itself is harmless . But as soon as it can provide technology , it 's not necessarily harmful .
Science in itself is harmlessmore or less . But as soon as it can provide people with technology, it 's not necessarily harmful .
It is often mis-categorized as a sport and an extreme sport ; however , parkour has no set of rules , team work , formal hierarchy , or competitiveness .
It is often mis-categorized as a sport and an extreme sport ; however , parkour is lack of rules , team work , formal hierarchy , or competitiveness .
It is often mis-categorized as a sport and an extreme sport ; however , parkour has no set of rules , team work , ceremonial hierarchy , or competitiveness .
It is often mis-categorized as a sport and an extreme sport ; however , parkour has no set of rules , team work , conventional hierarchy , or competitiveness .
It is often mis-categorized as a sport and an extreme sport ; however , parkour has no set of rules , team work , formal hierarchy .
It is often mis-categorized as a sport and an extreme sport ; unlike sports , however , parkour has no set of rules , team work , formal hierarchy , or competitiveness .
Most experienced practitioners think of parkour a discipline closer to martial arts .
Most full-fledged practitioners think of parkour a discipline closer to martial arts .
Most experienced practitioners consider parkour a discipline closer to martial arts .
Most experienced practitioners think of parkour a discipline closer to posthumous arts .
Experienced practitioners think of parkour a discipline closer to martial arts .
Most experienced practitioners think of parkour a physical discipline closer to martial arts .
According to David Belle , the physical aspect of parkour is going over all the obstacles in your path as you would be in an emergence .
According to David Belle , the physical aspect of parkour is going over all the deterrents in your path as you would be in an emergence .
According to David Belle , the physical aspect of parkour is going over all the impediments in your path as you would be in an emergence .
According to David Belle , the physical characteristic of parkour is going over all the obstacles in your path as you would be in an emergence .
The physical aspect of parkour is going over all the obstacles in your path as you would be in an emergence .
According to David Belle, a famous parkour player , the physical aspect of parkour is going over all the obstacles in your path as you would be in an emergence .
As if martial arts are a form of training for the fight , parkour is a form of training for the flight .
As if martial arts are a form of training for the struggle , parkour is a form of training for the flight .
As if martial arts are a form of training for the fight , parkour is a form of training for the aviation .
As if martial arts are a modality of training for the fight , parkour is a form of training for the flight .
As if martial arts are a form of training for the fight , parkour is a special form of training for the flight .
As if martial arts are training for the fight , parkour is a form of training for the flight .
Because of its uniquely nature , it is often said that parkour is in its own category .
Because of its uniquely nature , it is often said that parkour is in its own accumulation .
Because of its uniquely and provocative nature , it is often said that parkour is in its own category .
Because of its uniquely and incitant nature , it is often said that parkour is in its own category .
Because of its uniquely nature , it is said that parkour is in its own category .
Because of its uniquely nature and training form , it is often said that parkour is in its own category .
Practitioners move not only as rapidly as they can , but also in the most direct and effective way possible ; a characteristic that distinguishes from the similar practice of free running , which places more emphasis in freedom of movements , such as acrobatics .
Practitioners move not only as rapidly as they can , but also in the most direct and effective way possible ; a characteristic that distinguishes from the similar practice of free running , which stresses more emphasis in freedom of movements , such as acrobatics .
Practitioners move not only as rapidly as they can , but also in the most direct and effective way possible ; a characteristic that distinguishes from the authentic practice of free running , which places more emphasis in freedom of movements , such as acrobatics .
Practitioners move not only as rapidly as they can , but also in the most direct and effective way possible ; a characteristic that distinguishes from the similar practice of free running , which places more emphasis in freedom of movements , such as eurythmics .
Practitioners move not only as rapidly as they can , but also in the most effective way possible ; a characteristic that distinguishes from the similar practice of free running , which places more emphasis in freedom of movements , such as acrobatics .
Practitioners move not only as rapidly as they can , but also in the most direct and effective way possible ; a remarkable characteristic that distinguishes from the similar practice of free running , which places more emphasis in freedom of movements , such as acrobatics .
Efficiency also involves avoid injuries , short and long-term , part of why parkour 's unofficial motto is to be and to last .
Efficiency also involves avoid injuries , short and long-term , part of why parkour 's unofficial locution is to be and to last .
Efficiency also involves avoid injuries , short and long-term , part of why parkour 's unestablished motto is to be and to last .
Efficiency also involves avoid injuries , short and long-term , part of why parkour 's authoritative motto is to be and to last .
Efficiency involves avoid injuries , short and long-term , part of why parkour 's unofficial motto is to be and to last .
Parkour efficiency also involves avoid injuries , short and long-term , part of why parkour 's unofficial motto is to be and to last .
At its most basic , it 's described as the personnel of an organization , or simply as how things are done around here .
At its most basic , it 's described as the personnel and quintessence of an organization , or simply as how things are done around here .
At its most basic , it 's described as the personnel of an administration , or simply as how things are done around here .
At its most basic , it 's sketched as the personnel of an organization , or simply as how things are done around here .
It 's described as the personnel of an organization , or simply as how things are done around here .
At its most basic , it 's described as the personnel of an organization , or just simply as how things are done around here .
It guides what employees think , act , and feel .
It guides what employees think , behave , and feel .
It guides what employees think , act , and perceive .
It ascertains what employees think , act , and feel .
It guides what employees think .
It also guides what employees think , act , and feel .
Corporate culture is a wide term used to define the unique personality or character of a particular company or organization , and includes those elements as core values and beliefs , corporate ethics , and rules of behavior .
Corporate culture is a wide term used to define the unique personality or character of a particular enterprise or organization , and includes those elements as core values and beliefs , corporate ethics , and rules of behavior .
Corporate culture is a wide term used to define the unique personality or character of a particular company or organization , and includes those significant elements as core values and beliefs , corporate ethics , and rules of behavior .
Corporate culture is a wide term used to define the unique personality or character of a particular company or organization , and includes those elements as core faiths and beliefs , corporate ethics , and rules of behavior .
Corporate culture is a wide term used to define the unique personality , and includes those elements as core values and beliefs , corporate ethics , and rules of behavior .
Corporate culture is a wide term used to define the unique personality or character of a particular company or organization , and includes those essential elements as core values and beliefs , corporate ethics , and rules of behavior .
Corporate culture can be expressed in the company 's mission statement and other communications , in the architectural style or interior decoration , as what people wear to work , by how people address each other , and in the titles given to various employees .
Corporate culture can be expressed in the company 's core values and other communications , in the architectural style or interior decoration , as what people wear to work , by how people address each other , and in the titles given to various employees .
Corporate culture can be expressed in the company 's mission statement and other communications , in the architectural style or intramural decoration , as what people wear to work , by how people address each other , and in the titles given to various employees .
Corporate culture can be expressed in the company 's mission statement and other communications , in the architectural style or interior decoration , as how people dress , by how people address each other , and in the titles given to various employees .
Corporate culture can be expressed in the company 's mission statement and other communications , in the architectural style or interior decoration , as what people wear to work , by how people address each other , andgiven to various employees .
Corporate culture can be wildly expressed in the company 's mission statement and other communications , in the architectural style or interior decoration , as what people wear to work , by how people address each other , and in the titles given to various employees .
The truth is that you will never really know the corporate culture until you worked at the company for a number of months , but you can get close to it through research and observation .
The truth is that you will never really know the corporate culture until you pursued at the company for a number of months , but you can get close to it through research and observation .
The truth is that you will never really know the corporate culture until you worked at the company for a number of months , but you can approach it through research and observation .
The truth is that you will never really know the corporate culture until you worked at the company for a number of months , but you can get close to it through research and mensuration .
The truth is that you will never know the corporate culture until you worked at the company for a number of months , but you can get close to it through research and observation .
The cruel truth is that you will never really know the corporate culture until you worked at the company for a number of months , but you can get close to it through research and observation .
Understand culture is a two-step process , starting with research before the interview and ending with observation at the interview .
Understand culture is a two-step process , beginning with research before the interview and ending with observation at the interview .
Understand machine learning is a two-step process , starting with research before the interview and ending with observation at the interview .
Understand non-fiction writing is a two-step process , starting with research before the interview and ending with observation at the interview .
Understand culture is a two-step process , that is starting with research before the interview and ending with observation at the interview .
Understand culture is a two-step process , startingbefore the interview and ending with observation at the interview .
The bottom line is that you are going to spend a lot of time on the work environment and to be happy , successful , and productive .
The bottom line is that you are going to spend a lot of time and vigour on the work environment and to be happy , successful , and productive .
The bottom line is that you are going to spend a lot of time on the work environment and to be felicitous , successful , and productive .
The bottom line is that you are going to spend a lot of time on the work environment and to be delighted , successful , and productive .
The line is that you are going to spend a lot of time on the work environment and to be happy , successful , and productive .
The bottom line of job hunting is that you are going to spend a lot of time on the work environment and to be happy , successful , and productive .
You will want to be in place where you fit for the culture , a place where you can have a voice , be respected and have opportunities for growth .
You will want to be integrated into place where you fit for the culture , a place where you can have a voice , be respected and have opportunities for growth .
You will want to be in place where you fit for the culture , a place where you can have a voice , be esteemed and have opportunities for growth .
You will want to be in place where you fit for the culture , a place where you can have a voice , be respected and have possibleness for growth .
You will want to be in place where you fit for the culture , be respected and have opportunities for growth .
You will want to be in place where you fit for the corporate culture , a place where you can have a voice , be respected and have opportunities for growth .
Culture in general is concerned with beliefs and values on the basis in which people interpret experiences and behave , individually and in groups .
Culture in general is concerned with beliefs and values on the supposition in which people interpret experiences and behave , individually and in groups .
Culture in general is concerned with beliefs and values on the basis in which people illustrate experiences and behave , individually and in groups .
Culture in general is concerned with beliefs and values on the basis in which people interflow experiences and behave , individually and in groups .
Culture is concerned with beliefs and values on the basis in which people interpret experiences and behave , individually and in groups .
Culture in general is concerned with beliefs and values on the basis in which people interpret complex experiences and behave , individually and in groups .
Broadly and simply to put , culture refers to a group or community with which you share common experiences and shape the way you understand the world .
Broadly and simply to put , culture refers to a congregative group or community with which you share common experiences and shape the way you understand the world .
Broadly and simply to put , culture refers to a group or community with which you share communal experiences and shape the way you understand the world .
Broadly and simply to put , culture refers to a group or community with which you share universal experiences and shape the way you understand the world .
Broadly to put , culture refers to a group or community with which you share common experiences and shape the way you understand the world .
Broadly and simply to put , culture refers to a group or community with which you share common experiences and shape the way you understand and relate to the world .
Culture is often at the rate of communication challenges .
Culture is often at the rate of transportation challenges .
Viral infection is often at the rate of communication challenges .
Culture is often at the rate of communication menaces .
Culture is at the rate of communication challenges .
Generally speaking , culture is often at the rate of communication challenges .
Exploring historical experiences and the ways in which various cultural groups have related to each other is key to open channels for cross-cultural communication .
Exploring historical experiences and the ways in which diverse cultural groups have related to each other is key to open channels for cross-cultural communication .
Exploring historical experiences and the ways in which various cultural groupwares have related to each other is key to open channels for cross-cultural communication .
Exploring historical experiences and the ways in which various cultural groups have related to each other is key to open channels for cross-cultural connectedness .
Exploring the ways in which various cultural groups have related to each other is key to open channels for cross-cultural communication .
Exploring handed-down historical experiences and the ways in which various cultural groups have related to each other is key to open channels for cross-cultural communication .
Becoming more beware of cultural differences , as well as exploring cultural similarities , can help you communicate with others more effective .
Becoming more beware of cultural differences , as well as discovering cultural similarities , can help you communicate with others more effective .
Becoming more beware of cultural differences , as well as exploring cultural samenesses , can help you communicate with others more effective .
Becoming more beware of cultural differences , as well as exploring cultural unvariednesses , can help you communicate with others more effective .
Becoming more beware of cultural differences can help you communicate with others more effective .
Becoming more beware of cultural differences , as well as exploring cultural similarities , can help you more easily communicate with others more effective .
Next time you find yourself in a confusing situation , ask yourself what culture may be shaping your own reactions , and try to see the world from the other 's point of view .
Next time you find yourself in a confusing situation , ask yourself what knowledge may be shaping your own reactions , and try to see the world from the other 's point of view .
Next time you find yourself in a confusing situation , ask yourself what culture may be shaping your own responses , and try to see the world from the other 's point of view .
Next time you find yourself in a confusing situation , ask yourself what culture may be shaping your own reactions , and try to spark the world from the other 's point of view .
Next time you find yourself in a confusing situation , ask yourself what culture may be shaping your own reactions , and see the world from the other 's point of view .
Next time you find yourself in a confusing situation , ask yourself what culture may be shaping your own reactions , and try to see the world from the other 's point of view, then you will learn more from them .
Anthropologists discovered that , when faced with interaction that we do not understand , people tend to interpret the others involved as abnormal , weird or wrong .
Anthropologists discovered that , when faced with interaction that we do not comprehend , people tend to interpret the others involved as abnormal , weird or wrong .
Anthropologists discovered that , when faced with interaction that we do not appreciate , people tend to interpret the others involved as abnormal , weird or wrong .
Anthropologists discovered that , when faced with interaction that we do not understand , people tend to interpret the others involved as abnormal , supernatural or wrong .
When faced with interaction that we do not understand , people tend to interpret the others involved as abnormal , weird or wrong .
Anthropologists recently discovered that , when faced with interaction that we do not understand , people tend to interpret the others involved as abnormal , weird or wrong .
Awareness of cultural differences and recognizing where cultural differences are at work is the first step toward understanding each other and establish your own assumptions about the right way of doing things and as a chance to learn new ways to solve problems .
Consciousness of cultural differences and recognizing where cultural differences are at work is the first step toward understanding each other and establish your own assumptions about the right way of doing things and as a chance to learn new ways to solve problems .
Awareness of cultural differences and recognizing where cultural differences are at work is the first step toward comprehending each other and establish your own assumptions about the right way of doing things and as a chance to learn new ways to solve problems .
Awareness of cultural differences and recognizing where cultural differences are at work is the first step toward understanding each other and establish your own hypotheses about the right way of doing things and as a chance to learn new ways to solve problems .
Awareness of cultural differences is the first step toward understanding each other and establish your own assumptions about the right way of doing things and as a chance to learn new ways to solve problems .
Awareness of cultural differences and recognizing where cultural differences are at work is the first and key step toward understanding each other and establish your own assumptions about the right way of doing things and as a chance to learn new ways to solve problems .
Did you ever wonder when the teacher expects from you , the parent ?
Did you ever wonder when the mentor expects from you , the parent ?
Did you ever wonder when the intellectual expects from you , the parent ?
Did you ever wonder when the teacher expects from you , the acquaintance ?
Did you ever wonder when the teacher expects from you?
Did you ever wonder when the teacher expects from you , the parent and other family members ?
Parents can be supportive or suspicious they can be helpful to the teacher , or be in need of helping themselves .
Parents can be adjunct or suspicious they can be helpful to the teacher , or be in need of helping themselves .
Parents can be ancillary or suspicious they can be helpful to the teacher , or be in need of helping themselves .
Parents can be supportive or suspicious they can be assistive to the teacher , or be in need of helping themselves .
Parents can be supportive or suspicious they can be helpful or be in need of helping themselves .
Parents can be supportive or suspicious they can be helpful to the teacher in school , or be in need of helping themselves .
Here is how one teacher puts : I usually have the problem of parents coming in and telling me how they really treat the kids .
Here is how one teacher puts : I usually have the problem of parents coming in and expressing how they really treat the kids to me .
Here is how one pedagogue puts : I usually have the problem of parents coming in and telling me how they really treat the kids .
Here is how one teacher puts : I usually have the perplexity of parents coming in and telling me how they really treat the kids .
Here is how one teacher puts : I usually have the problem of parents coming in and telling me how they treat the kids .
Here is how one math teacher puts : I usually have the problem of parents coming in and telling me how they really treat the kids .
They tell me they stand by them when they do their homework . They check their work and raise a big smile over grades .
They tell me they stand by them when they do their homework . They scrutinize their work and raise a big smile over grades .
They tell me they stand by them when they do their homework . They examine their work and raise a big smile over grades .
They tell me they stand by them when they do their homework . They check their progeny and raise a big smile over grades .
They stand by them when they do their homework . They check their work and raise a big smile over grades .
They tell me they stand by them when they do their homework . They usually check their work and raise a big smile over grades .
He 's fine in my class , maybe you should not be strict with him .
He 's glorious in my class , maybe you should not be strict with him .
He 's fine in my class , maybe you should not be rigorous with him .
He 's fine in my class , maybe you should not be indulgent with him .
He 's fine , maybe you should not be strict with him .
He 's fine and polite in my class , maybe you should not be strict with him .
They observed many children and parents .
They observed many children and genitors .
They observed many offsprings and parents .
They observed numerous children and parents .
They observed many children .
They observed so many children and parents .
Because of this , and because of their specialized training , teachers can be realistic to children .
Because of this , and because of their specialized drill , teachers can be realistic to children .
Because of this , and because of their differentiated training , teachers can be realistic to children .
Because of this , and because of their specialized training , teachers can be realistic to scholastics .
Because of their specialized training , teachers can be realistic to children .
Because of this kind of strict attitude , and because of their specialized training , teachers can be realistic to children .
Teachers know that parents want their children to do well and to behave well , and the teachers want this either .
Teachers know that parents aspire for their children to do well and to behave well , and the teachers want this either .
Teachers know that parents want their descendants to do well and to behave well , and the teachers want this either .
Teachers know that parents want their children to do well and to behave well , and the teachers are eager for this either .
Teachers know that parents want their children to do well , and the teachers want this either .
Teachers know that parents want their children to do well and to behave well in school , and the teachers want this either .
They expect 8-year-old work or behavior from 8-year-olds and 12-year-old work and behavior from 12-year-olds .
They expect children of 8 work or behavior from 8-year-olds and 12-year-old work and behavior from 12-year-olds .
They expect 8-year-old to display or to behave from 8-year-olds and 12-year-old work and behavior from 12-year-olds .
They expect 8-year-old work or conduct from 8-year-olds and 12-year-old work and behavior from 12-year-olds .
They expect 8-year-old work or behavior from 8-year-olds .
They just expect 8-year-old work or behavior from 8-year-olds and 12-year-old work and behavior from 12-year-olds .
Home , sweet home is a phrase that expresses an essential latitude in the United States .
Home , sweet home is a locution that expresses an essential latitude in the United States .
Home , sweet home is a phrase that conveys an essential latitude in the United States .
Home , sweet home is a phrase that expresses an biogenic latitude in the United States .
Home , sweet home is a phrase that expresses an latitude in the United States .
Home , sweet home is a normal phrase that expresses an essential latitude in the United States .
This dream , dramatizing in the history of nineteenth century European settlers of American West , was to find a piece of land , where build a house for one 's family , and start a farm .
This dream , dramatizing in the continuum of nineteenth century European settlers of American West , was to find a piece of land , where build a house for one 's family , and start a farm .
This dream , dramatizing in the history of nineteenth century European immigrants of American West , was to find a piece of land , where build a house for one 's family , and start a farm .
This dream , dramatizing in the history of nineteenth century European migrators of American West , was to find a piece of land , where build a house for one 's family , and start a farm .
This dream , dramatizing in the history of nineteenth century European settlers of American West , was to find a piece of land , where build a house for one 's family .
This dream , dramatizing in the history of nineteenth century European settlers of American West , was to find a piece of land , where build a house for one 's family , and start a personal farm .
These small households were portraits of independence : the entire family mother , fatherchildren , even grandparents live in a small house and working together to support each other .
These small households were illustrations of independence : the entire family mother , fatherchildren , even grandparents live in a small house and working together to support each other .
These small households were delineations of independence : the entire family mother , fatherchildren , even grandparents live in a small house and working together to support each other .
These small households were portraits of independence : the uncastrated family mother , fatherchildren , even grandparents live in a small house and working together to support each other .
These households were portraits of independence : the entire family mother , fatherchildren , even grandparents live in a small house and working together to support each other .
These small households were portraits of independence : the entire family mother , fatherchildren , even grandparents and great-grandparents live in a small house and working together to support each other .
Anyone understood the life-and-death importance of family cooperation and hard work .
Anyone understood the life-and-death significance of family cooperation and hard work .
Anyone understood the life-and-death substance of family cooperation and hard work .
Anyone understood the life-and-death insignificance of family cooperation and hard work .
Anyone understood the life-and-death importance of family cooperation .
Anyone deeply understood the life-and-death importance of family cooperation and hard work .
Since most people in the United States no longer live on farms , the ideal of home ownership is just as strong in the twentieth century as it was in the nineteenth .
Since most people in the United States no longer live on farms , the ideal of home ownership is just as beefed up in the twentieth century as it was in the nineteenth .
Since most people in the United States no longer live on farms , the ideal of home ownership is just as brawny in the twentieth century as it was in the nineteenth .
Since most people in the United States no longer live on farms , the ideal of home ownership is just as hefty in the twentieth century as it was in the nineteenth .
Since most people no longer live on farms , the ideal of home ownership is just as strong in the twentieth century as it was in the nineteenth .
Since most people in the United States no longer live on farms now , the ideal of home ownership is just as strong in the twentieth century as it was in the nineteenth .
When U.S soldiers left home after World War , for example , they dream of buying houses and starting families .
When U.S soldiers left home after World War , for example , they dream of affording houses and starting families .
When U.S enlisted army left home after World War , for example , they dream of buying houses and starting families .
When U.S soldiers left home after World War , for example , they dream of buying commodities and starting families .
When U.S soldiers left home, for example , they dream of buying houses and starting families .
When U.S soldiers left home after World War , for example , they dream of buying houses and starting families as soon as possible .
But there was a tremendous boom in home building .
But there was a gigantic boom in home building .
But there was a colossal boom in home building .
But there was a tremendous growth in home building .
But there was a tremendous boom.
But there was a tremendous boom in home building in recent years .
The new houses , typically in the suburbs , were often small and more or less identical , but they satisfied the deep need .
The new houses , typically in the suburbs , were often small and more or less identical , but they satisfied the shallow need .
The new houses , especially in the suburbs , were often small and more or less identical , but they satisfied the deep need .
The new dwellings , typically in the suburbs , were often small and more or less identical , but they satisfied the deep need .
The new houses were often small and more or less identical , but they satisfied the deep need .
The brand new houses , typically in the suburbs , were often small and more or less identical , but they satisfied the deep need .
We asked a lady , who replied it she thought you could tell a well-mannered person by the way they occupied the space around them for example , when such a person walks down a street he or she is continuously aware of others .
We asked a lady , who replied it she thought you could tell a well-mannered person by the way they occupied the space around them for example , when such a person walks down a thoroughfare he or she is continuously aware of others .
We asked a lady , who reluctantly replied it she thought you could tell a well-mannered person by the way they occupied the space around them for example , when such a person walks down a street he or she is continuously aware of others .
We asked a lady , who replied it she believed you could tell a well-mannered person by the way they occupied the space around them for example , when such a person walks down a street he or she is continuously aware of others .
We asked a lady , who replied it she thought you could tell a well-mannered person when such a person walks down a street he or she is continuously aware of others .
We asked a lady , who replied it she thought you could tell a well-mannered person by the way they occupied the space around them for example , when such a well-mannered person walks down a street he or she is continuously aware of others .
Such people never bump up other people .
Other people are never bumped up by such people.
Others never encounter such people who bump up them.
Such people always avoid bumping up other people .
Such people never bump up people .
Such people who refuse to go out never bump up other people .
Instead , this other person told us a story , that he said was quite well-known , about an American who had been invited to an Arab meal at one of the countries of the Middle East .
Instead , this other person recounted a story , that he said was quite well-known , about an American who had been invited to an Arab meal at one of the countries of the Middle East .
On the contrary , this other person recounted a story , that he said was quite well-known , about an American who had been invited to an Arab meal at one of the countries of the Middle East .
Instead , this other person told us a story , that he said was quite celebrated , about an American who had been invited to an Arab meal at one of the countries of the Middle East .
Instead of telling us something else , this other person told us a story , that he said was quite well-known and interesting , about an American who had been invited to an Arab meal at one of the countries of the Middle East and how he reacted to their customs .
Instead , this other person told us a story , that he said was quite well-known , about an American who had been invited to an Arab meal at Middle East .
The American has n't been told very much about the kind of food he might expect .
The American has nt been advised very much about the kind of food he might expect .
Very little information about the kind of food he might expect has been given to the American .
About the kind of food he might expect , the American has nt received much guidance .
The American has nt been told very much about what dishes or ingredients were common in that region , and what flavors or spices he might encounter .
The American has n't been told much about the kind of food he might expect .
If he had known about Arab foodhe might have behaved good .
Knowing about Arab food might have made him behave good .
His behavior might have been good if he had known about Arab food .
He might have behaved good if he had learned more about Arab food .
If he had known Arab food he might have behaved good .
If he had known about Arab food more he might have behaved good .
Immediately before him was a very flat block of bread that looked , to him , very much like a napkin .
A very flat block of bread that looked , to him , very much like a napkin lay immediately before him .
He saw a very flat block of bread in front of him that looked like a napkin .
He wondered why there was a very flat block of bread on his plate that looked , to him , very much like a napkin .
Before him was a very flat block of bread that looked , to him , very much like a napkin .
Immediately before him was a very flat block of bread that looked , to him , very much like a napkin which is always on the table.
Picking it up , he put it into his collar , so that it falls across his shirt .
He picked it up and put it into his collar , so that it falls across his shirt .
Picking it up , he put it into his collar carefully , so that it falls gracefully across his shirt .
Picking up a small object , he put it into his collar , so that it falls across his shirt .
He put it into his collar , so that it falls across his shirt .
Picking it up , he put it into his collar , so that it falls across his shirt which was red.
And that , said this two person , was a fine example of good manners .
This two person said that it was a fine example of good manners .
A fine example of good manners was what this two person said it was .
And that gesture of kindness and respect , said this two person with admiration , was a fine example of good manners .
And that , said this two person , was a example of good manners .
And that , said this two person who is very poite , was a fine example of good manners .
The book is dead , for technology has killed it , and the libraries of the world are dooming to become museums
The book is dead , for technology has destroyed it , and the libraries of the world are dooming to become museums
The book is dead , for technology has eliminated it , and the libraries of the world are dooming to turn into museums
Due to technological advancement , reading books has become obsolete , and as a result , all over the world , libraries face a grim fate : they are dooming to end up as mere museums
The book is dead and the libraries of the world are dooming to become museums
The book on the world is dead , for technology has killed it , and the libraries of the world are dooming to become museums
Americans , however , attend to bring an either-or mentality to most things .
Americans , however , attend to show an either-or mentality in most things .
An either-or mentality is what Americans , however , attend to bring to most things .
To most things , Americans , however , attend to bring an either-or mentality .
Americans , however , attend to bring an either-or mentality to most things , which often leads to conflicts and misunderstandings with other cultures .
Americans attend to bring an either-or mentality to most things .
The invention of television led to predictions about the demise of radio ; the making of movies was to be the funeral bell of alive theater ; recorded music , the end of concerts .
The invention of television led to predictions about the downfall of radio ; the making of movies was to be the funeral bell of alive theater ; recorded music , the end of concerts .
Predictions about the demise of radio followed the invention of television ; alive theater was to hear its funeral bell with the making of movies ; recorded music , the end of concerts .
It was predicted that radio would meet its demise after television was invented ; alive theater would face its funeral bell when movies were made ; concerts would end because of recorded music .
The invention of television led to predictions about the demise of radio , which had been a popular medium for entertainment and news ; the making of movies was to be the funeral bell of alive theater ; recorded music , the end of concerts .
The invention of television led to predictions about the demise of radio ; the making of movies wasthe funeral bell of alive theater ; recorded music , the end of concerts .
All these forms still existsometimes overshadowed by their siblings , but not smothered by them , and with the direst predictions , reading continues to be part of the life of the mind .
All these forms still existsometimes overshadowed by their siblings , but not suppressed by them , and with the direst predictions , reading continues to be part of the life of the mind .
Reading persists as part of the life of the mind , and with the direst predictions , all these forms still exist sometimes overshadowed by their siblings , but not smothered by them .
And with the direst predictions , all these forms still existsometimes overshadowed by their siblings , but not smothered by them ; reading remains part of the life of the mind .
All these forms still existsometimes overshadowed by their siblings who have more popularity and influence , but not smothered by them who have their own merits and values ; and with the direst predictions that they would become obsolete and irrelevant , reading continues to be part of the life of the mind that enriches our imagination and understanding .
All these forms still exist sometimes but not smothered by them , and with the direst predictions , reading continues to be part of the life of the mind .
There 's no question that reading off-paper , as I think of it , will increase in years to come .
There s no question that reading off-paper , as I think of it , will grow in  years to come .
Reading off-paper , as I think of it , will increase in  years to come , and there 's no question about that .
And there s no question that in  years to come , reading off-paper , as I think of it , will increase .
There s no question that reading off-paper , as I think of it , will increase in  years to come as more people use digital devices and platforms for accessing information and entertainment .
Reading off-paper , as I think of it , will increase in years to come .
A library that got 10 as gifts reported that within a half hour they had all checked out , and there 's no question that once again we will be treated to lamentations suggesting that true literacy has become the lost art .
A library that got 10 as gifts reported that within a half hour they had all  checked out , and there 's no question that once again we will be subjected to lamentations suggesting that true literacy has become the lost art .
And there s no question that once again we will be treated to lamentations suggesting that true literacy has become the lost art , as a library that got 10 as gifts reported that within a half hour they had all  checked out .
As a library that got 10 as gifts reported that within a half hour they had all  checked out , there 's no question that once again we will be treated to lamentations suggesting that true literacy has become the lost art .
A library that got 10 as gifts reported that within a half hour they had all  checked out by eager readers who wanted to enjoy them , and there 's no question that once again we will be treated to lamentations from some critics suggesting that true literacy has become the lost art in this digital age .
A library that got 10 as gifts reported that within a half hour they had all checked out , andwe will be treated to lamentations suggesting that true literacy has become the lost art .
The difference this tune is that we will confront with elitism from both sides .
The difference this tune is that we will face with elitism from both sides .
We will confront with elitism from both sides , and thats the difference this tune .
And thats the difference this tune , we will confront with elitism from both sides .
The difference this tune is that we will confront with elitism from both sides of the political spectrum , not just one .
The difference is that we will confront with elitism from both sides .
Not only have literary purists now complain about the evanescent nature of letters onscreen ; the tech fanatics have become equally disdainful of the old form .
The tech fanatics have become equally scornful of the old form ; not only have literary purists now complain about the evanescent nature of letters onscreen .
Not only have literary purists now complain about the evanescent nature of letters onscreen ; the tech fanatics have become equally contemptuous of the old form .
Not only have literary purists now complain about how letters onscreen fade away quickly ; they also face equal disdain from tech fanatics who despise the old form .
Not only have literary purists now complain about the evanescent nature ; the tech fanatics have become equally disdainful of the old form .
It's no doubt that, not only have literary purists now complain about the evanescent nature of letters onscreen ; the tech fanatics have become equally disdainful of the old form .
I am cheered by the gall up poll in which asks a simple question : Do you happen to be reading any books or novels at present ? .
I am cheered by the gall up poll in which asks a simple question : Do you happen to be perusing any books or novels at present ?
The gall up poll in which asks a simple question : Do you happen to be reading any books or novels at present , cheers me up .
I am pleased with the gall up poll in which asks a simple question : Do you happen to be reading any books or novels at present ?
I am cheered by the gall up poll in which asks a simple question that reflects my passion : Do you happen to be reading any books or novels at present ? As an avid reader, I always have something on my bookshelf .
I am cheered by the gall up poll in which asks aquestion : Do you happen to be reading any books or novels at present ? .
In 1952 a merely 18 percent of respondents said yes .
In 1952 a merely 18 percent of respondents reported yes .
A merely 18 percent of respondents said yes to the question in 1952 .
Yes , a merely 18 percent of respondents said in 1952 .
In 1952 , out of all the people who were surveyed , a merely 18 percent of respondents said yes .
A merely 18 percent of respondents said yes .
One of America 's most important imports is her modern music .
Modern music is one of America 's most important imports .
America has one of the most important imports modern music .
One of America 's most important imports contributions to the world is her modern music .
One of America 's most important imports is her music .
One of America 's most important imports is her modern music which attracts all the people.
Because the lyrics are English , nevertheless people not speaking English enjoy it .
Because the lyrics are English , nevertheless people not speaking English relish it .
People not speaking English enjoy it , because the lyrics are English .
It is enjoyed by people not speaking English , because the lyrics are English .
Because the lyrics are English , nevertheless people not speaking English enjoy it and find it catchy and meaningful .
Because the lyrics are English , people not speaking English enjoy it .
The reasons for its popularity are its fast pace and rhythmic beat , and the music has many origin in the United States .
The reasons for its fame are its fast pace and rhythmic beat , and the music has many origin in the United States .
Its fast pace and rhythmic beat are the reasons for its popularity , and the music has many origin in the United States .
And the music has many origin in the United States , its fast pace and rhythmic beat are the reasons for its popularity .
The reasons for its popularity among different generations and cultures are its fast pace and rhythmic beat that create a lively atmosphere , and the music has many origin in various regions of the United States .
The reasons for its popularity are itspace and rhythmic beat , and the music has many origin in the United States .
Country music , coming from the suburban areas in the southern United States , is one source , and it features simple themes and melodies described day-to-day situations and the feelings of country people .
One source of country music is the suburban areas in the southern United States , where it features simple themes and melodies described day-to-day situations and the feelings of country people .
It features simple themes and melodies described day-to-day situations and the feelings of country people , and country music comes from the suburban areas in the southern United States as one source .
Country music , originating from the suburban areas in the southern United States , is one source , and it features simple themes and melodies described day-to-day situations and the feelings of country people .
Country music , from the suburban areas in the southern United States , is one source , and it features simple themes and melodies described day-to-day situations and the feelings of country people .
Country music , a kind of music, coming from the suburban areas in the southern United States , is one source , and it features simple themes and melodies described day-to-day situations and the feelings of country people .
It depicts most sad feelings reflecting the difficult lives of American blacks .
Most sad feelings reflecting the difficult lives of American blacks are depicted by it .
The difficult lives of American blacks are reflected by most sad feelings that it depicts .
It depicts most sad feelings that express the hardship and struggle of American blacks in their history and society .
It depicts most sad feelings reflecting the difficult lives blacks .
It depicts most sad feelings reflecting the difficult lives of American blacks and other people.
It was first known as rock-and-roll in the 1950 's , since that there have been many forms of rock music , hard rock , soft rock , punk rock , disco music and others .
It was first identified as rock-and-roll in the 1950 's , since that there have been many forms of rock music , hard rock , soft rock , punk rock , disco music and others .
Since that , many forms of rock music have emerged , hard rock , soft rock , punk rock , disco music and others . It was first known as rock-and-roll in the 1950 's .
Hard rock , soft rock , punk rock , disco music and others are some of the forms that rock music has taken since that . It was first known as rock-and-roll in the 1950 's .
It was first known as rock-and-roll , in the late 1940s and early 1950s , since that there have been many forms of rock music , such as hard rock , soft rock , punk rock , disco music and others .
It was first known as rock-and-roll in the 1950 's , since that there have been many forms of rock music , hard rock , soft rock , disco music and others .
American popular music is marketed to a demand audience .
American popular music is sold to a demand audience .
The demand audience is the market for American popular music .
To a demand audience , American popular music is marketed .
American popular music is marketed to a demand audience that expects high quality and diversity from its artists .
American music is marketed to a demand audience .
People hear these songs sing in their original English or sometimes translated into other languages .
These songs sing in their original English or sometimes translated into other languages are heard by people .
In their original English or sometimes translated into other languages , people hear these songs sing .
These songs , which are sing in their original English or sometimes translated into other languages , reach the ears of people around the world .
People hear these songs sing in their original English .
People hear these songs sing in their original English or sometimes translated into other languages that they don't know.
The words may coincide but the enjoyment of the music is universal .
Music is enjoyed by everyone , regardless of whether the words coincide .
Everyone shares a common enjoyment of music , even if their words coincide .
Music transcends language barriers and brings joy to everyone , no matter how their words coincide .
The words may coincide but the enjoymentis universal .
The words on the notice may coincide but the enjoyment of the music is universal .
Host and guest have been talking for some timebut now the host has an appointment to keep and can get away .
But now the host has an appointment to keep and can get away , after talking for some time with the guest .
After having a conversation for a while with the guest, the host has an appointment to keep and can get away now .
The host enjoyed talking with the guest for some time, but they had an important appointment to keep and can get away as soon as possible .
Host and guest have been talking for some timebut now the host has an appointment and can get away.
Host and guest have been talking and disscusing for some time but now the host has an appointment to keep and can get away .
His urge to go is held in check by his desire not be rude to his guest , if he did not care of his guest 's feelings he would simply get up out of his chair and to announce his departure .
His wish not  be rude to his guest restrains him from going , if he did not care of his guest 's feelings he would simply rise from his chair and to announce his departure .
He would simply get up out of his chair and to announce his departure if he did not care of his guest s feelings , but his desire not  be rude to his guest holds back his urge to go .
His urge to go is held in check by his desire not be rude to his guest , if he did not care of his guest 's feelings he would simply get up out of his chair and to announce his leaving .
His urge to go is held in check by his desire not be rude to his guest , if he did not care of his guest 's feelings he would get up out of his chair and to announce his departure .
His urge to go is held in check by his desire not be rude to his guest and friends , if he did not care of his guest 's feelings he would simply get up out of his chair and to announce his departure .
This is what his body wants to do , therefore his politeness glues his body to the chair and refuses to let him raise .
This is what his body wants to do , therefore his politeness stucks his body to the chair and refuses to let him raise .
This is what his body wants to do , therefore his politeness confines his body to the chair and refuses to let him raise .
This is what his body wants to do , therefore his politeness glues his body to the chair and rejects to let him raise .
This is what his body wants to do , therefore his politenessrefuses to let him raise .
This is what his body wants to do , therefore his politeness and kindness glues his body to the chair and refuses to let him raise .
He continues to talk to the guest and listen to him , but leans forward and grasps the arms of the chair as about to push himself upwards .
But he leans forward and grasps the arms of the chair as  about to push himself upwards , while continuing to talk to the guest and listen to him .
While he continues to talk to the guest and listen to him , he leans forward and grasps the arms of the chair as  about to push himself upwards .
He does not interrupt his conversation with the guest or stop listening to him , but he subtly leans forward and grasps the arms of his chair firmly as  he is ready to push himself upwards at any moment .
He continues to talk to the guest , but leans forward and grasps the arms of the chair as about to push himself upwards .
He continues to talk to the guest and listen to him , but leans forward and grasps the arms of the chair as he is about to push himself upwards .
This is the first act he would make if he were rising . If he were not hesitating , it would only last the fraction of the second .
This is the first act he would make if he were rising . If he were not hesitating , it would only sustain the fraction of the second .
He would make this first act if he were rising . It would only last a fraction of the second if there was no hesitation .
This is the first act that he would make if he got up from his seat . But since he is hesitating , it takes longer than just a fraction of the second .
This is the first act he would make . If he were not hesitating , it would only last the fraction of the second .
It's no doubt that this is the first act he would make if he were rising . If he were not hesitating , it would only last the fraction of the second .
He holds his readiness-to-rise post and keeps on holding it . It is as if his body had frozen at the get-ready moment .
His readiness-to-rise post is held by him and he continues to hold it . It is as if his body had frozen at the get-ready moment .
He holds his readiness-to-rise post and keeps on maintaining it . It is as if his body had frozen at the get-ready moment .
He holds his readiness-to-rise post , which shows his determination and courage , and keeps on holding it without wavering . It is as if his body had frozen at the get-ready moment , waiting for a signal to act .
He holds his readiness-to-rise post . It is as if his body had frozen at the get-ready moment .
He holds his readiness-to-rise post and keeps on holding it . It is as if his body had frozen at the get-ready moment, waiting for acting.
In an extent 1989 survey of college students nationwide , 72 percent of students reported that their primary objective to attending college was to make more money when graduation .
The primary objective to attending college for 72 percent of students who participated in an extent 1989 survey of college students nationwide was to make more money when graduation , they reported .
They reported that their primary objective to attending college was to make more money when graduation , 72 percent of students who took part in an extent 1989 survey of college students nationwide .
According to an extent 1989 survey of college students nationwide that was published in a reputable journal , 72 percent of students reported that their primary objective to attending college was to make more money when graduation , which was higher than any previous year .
In an extent 1989 survey of college students nationwide , 72 percent of students reported that their primary objective was to make more money when graduation .
In an extent 1989 survey of college students nationwide , 72 percent of students who was interviewed reported that their primary objective to attending college was to make more money when graduation .
Studies show that the majority of baby booms attended college to develop themselves , their critical thinking skills and their personal philosophies of life .
Studies show that the majority of baby booms enrolled in college to develop themselves , their critical thinking skills and their personal philosophies of life .
Researches show that the majority of baby booms attended college to develop themselves , their critical thinking skills and their personal philosophies of life .
The majority of baby booms attended college to develop themselves , their critical thinking skills and their personal philosophies of life , according to studies .
As part of their educational goals , studies show that the majority of baby booms attended college to develop themselves , their critical thinking skills and their personal philosophies of life .
Studies show the majority of baby booms attended college to develop themselves , their critical thinking skills and their personal philosophies of life .
Nationally , the number of students going into business-related fields has sharply increased , and this rise has been contributed primarily to the shift in educational and career priorities .
The shift in educational and career priorities has been contributed primarily to this rise in the number of students going into business-related fields , which has increased sharply nationally .
Primarily due to the shift in educational and career priorities , this rise in the number of students going into business-related fields , which has increased sharply nationally , has been contributed .
Nationally , there has been a sharp increase in the number of students who choose business-related fields as their majors or minors , and this rise has been contributed mainly to their changing preferences and goals in education and career .
The number of students going into business-related fields has sharply increased , and this rise has been contributed primarily to the shift in educational and career priorities .
Nationally , the number of students going into business-related fields has sharply increased , and this rise has been contributed primarily to the shift in educational, career priorities and others .
At Duke economy is now the most popular major , attracting nearly 15 percent of the undergraduates , while history majors comprising only 5 percent of undergraduate population .
At Duke economy is now the most popular major , captivating nearly 15 percent of the undergraduates , while history majors comprising only 5 percent of undergraduate population .
While history majors comprising only 5 percent of undergraduate population , at Duke economy is now the most popular major , attracting nearly 15 percent of the undergraduates to choose .
Nearly 15 percent of the undergraduates are attracted by economy , which is now the most popular major at Duke , while only 5 percent of undergraduate population comprising history majors .
At Duke , where students have diverse academic interests and options , economy has become the most popular major among them , attracting nearly 15 percent of their total number , while history majors comprising a much smaller proportion of only 5 percent of undergraduate population .
At Duke economy is the most popular major , attracting nearly 15 percent of the undergraduates , while history majors comprising only 5 percent of undergraduate population .
Thirty years ago the situation was identical , with economic and business administration majors together consisting of 8.7 percent of undergraduates and almost 12 percent of undergraduates declared themselves history majors .
Thirty years ago the condition was identical , with economic and business administration majors together forming 8.7 percent of undergraduates and almost 15 percent of undergraduates declared themselves history majors .
Thirty years ago the situation was identical , with economic and business administration majors together composing 8.7 percent of undergraduates and almost 16 percent of undergraduates declared themselves history majors .
Thirty years ago the situation was identical , with economic and business administration majors together making up of 8.7 percent of undergraduates and almost 17 percent of undergraduates declared themselves history majors .
Thirty years ago the situation was identical , with business administration majors together consisting of 8.7 percent of undergraduates and almost 12 percent of undergraduates declared themselves history majors .
The result shows that thirty years ago the situation was identical , with economic and business administration majors together consisting of 8.7 percent of undergraduates and almost 12 percent of undergraduates declared themselves history majors .
Degrees in economics are marketed and likely to garner their holders high salaries with the added effort of medical or law school .
High salaries with the added effort of medical or law school are likely to be garnered by holders of degrees in economics , which are marketed .
Holders of degrees in economics , which are marketed , are likely to garner high salaries with the added effort of medical or law school .
With a degree in economics , which is a marketed field of study , one can expect to earn a high salary with having to go through the extra work of attending medical or law school .
Degrees in economics are marketed and likely to garner their holders high salaries with the added effort of medical school .
Degrees in economics and education are marketed and likely to garner their holders high salaries with the added effort of medical or law school .
Foreign cultures adhere different business customs and behavior .
Different business customs and behavior are adhered  by foreign cultures .
Foreign cultures have different business customs and behavior that they adhere  .
Foreign cultures follow different norms and practices in their business dealings , and they adhere  them faithfully .
Foreign cultures adhere different business customs .
Foreign cultures adhere different business customs ,history and behavior .
For example : Caffeine junkies should restrain them in the Middle East .
For example : Caffeine junkies should restrain them from consuming too much of it in the Middle East .
Caffeine junkies, for example , should restrain them in the Middle East .
For example : Caffeine intakers should restrain them in the Middle East .
Caffeine junkies should restrain them in the Middle East .
For example : Caffeine junkies should restrain them in the Middle East , where the drug is forbidden.
Three cups of tea or coffee is usually the polite limit in offices and during social calls , counsel Travel Pak , a free publication of Alia , the Royal Jordanian Airline .
Three cups of coffee is usually the polite limit in offices and during social calls , counsel Travel Pak , a free publication of Alia , the Royal Jordanian Airline .
Three cups of tea or coffee is usually the polite restriction in offices and during social calls , counsel Travel Pak , a free publication of Alia , the Royal Jordanian Airline .
In offices and during social calls , three cups of tea or coffee is usually what people drink politely , counsel Travel Pak , a free publication of Alia , the Royal Jordanian Airline .
It is polite to drink three cups of tea or coffee in offices and during social calls , counsel Travel Pak , a free publication of Alia , the Royal Jordanian Airline .
Three cups of tea or coffee is usually the polite limit in offices and during social calls because more than that might make you jittery or affect your sleep quality , counsel Travel Pak , a free publication of Alia , the Royal Jordanian Airline .
And if your host keeps going , you also may continue sipping .
And if your host keeps going , you also may keep on sipping .
And if your host keeps going , you have the option to continue sipping as well .
And if your host does not stop drinking his or her beverage , you can follow their lead and continue sipping yours too .
And if your host keeps going , you may continue sipping .
And if your host keeps going , you also may continue sipping and eating.
MiddleEast visitors also should be surprised if others barge right into the office in the middle of your conversation with the person you are seeing , notes Travel Pak .
MiddleEast visitors also should  be surprised if others intrude into the office in the middle of your conversation with the person you are seeing , notes Travel Pak .
MiddleEast visitors also should  be surprised if others burst into the office in the middle of your conversation with the person you are seeing , notes Travel Pak .
As Travel Pak points out, it is common for others to barge right into the office without knocking or waiting when you are having a conversation with someone there, so MiddleEast visitors should  be surprised or offended by this behavior .
MiddleEast visitorsshould be surprised if others barge right into the office in the middle of your conversation with the person you are seeing , notes Travel Pak .
MiddleEast visitors also should be surprised and shocked if others barge right into the office in the middle of your conversation with the person you are seeing , notes Travel Pak .
TheBritish , however , consider it impolite to interrupt into a visitor , even after all business has been transacted .
TheBritish , however , consider it impolite to bother into a visitor , even after all business has been transacted .
Even after all business has been transacted , the British , however , consider it impolite to trouble into a visitor .
TheBritish , however , consider it impolite to interrupt into a visitor , even after all business has been coped with .
TheBritish , however , consider it impolite to interrupt into a visitor and would rather wait for them to leave on their own accord , even after all business has been transacted .
TheBritishconsider it impolite to interrupt into a visitor , even after all business has been transacted .
The commercial caller is expected to be sensible to this point , know when to stop , and initiate his or her own departure .
The commercial caller is expected to be sensible to this point , know when to end , and initiate his or her own departure .
Knowing when to stop and initiating his or her own departure , the commercial caller is expected to be sensible to this point .
Being sensible to this point is expected of the commercial caller , who should know when to stop and initiate his or her own departure .
The commercial caller should respect the time and privacy of the person he or she is calling , and be sensible enough to recognize this point . He or she should also know when it is appropriate to stop talking and leave on his or her own initiative .
The commercial caller is expected to be sensible to this point , know when to stop.
They should be allowed to leave with effusive good-byes .
They should be allowed to quit with effusive good-byes .
With effusive good-byes , they cannot leave .
To leave with effusive good-byes , they must be allowed .
They should be allowed to leave with effusive good-byes and not feel obliged to stay longer than necessary .
They should leave with effusive good-byes .
The Japanese consider formal departures to be disruptive in such cases and disturbing to remain guests .
The Japanese deem formal departures to be disruptive in such cases and disturbing to remain guests .
Formal departures are disruptive in such cases and disturbing to remain guests , the Japanese consider .
In such cases , formal departures are disruptive and disturbing to remain guests , according to the Japanese .
The Japanese consider formal departures to be disruptive in such cases and disturbing to remain guests and prefer a more casual and discreet way of saying goodbye .
The Japanese consider formal departures to be disturbing to remain guests .
On contrast , it is considered good business manners to make many and long efforts to pick up the check .
On contrast , it is viewed as good business manners to make many and long endeavors to pick up the check .
On contrast , making many and long efforts to pick up the check is considered good business manners .
On contrast , it is good business manners to make many and long efforts to pick up the check .
On contrast , with other situations where splitting the bill is acceptable , it shows good business manners when one makes many and long efforts to pay for the whole check .
On contrast , it is considered good business manners to make many and long efforts to pick up the whole check .
Normally a student must attend a certain number of courses in order to graduate , and each course which he attends and gives him a credit which he may count towards a degree .
Normally a student must attend a certain number of courses for graduating , and each course which he attends and gives him a credit which he may count towards a degree .
Normally a student must attend a certain number of courses in order to graduate , and each course which he attends and gives him a credit which can be counted towards a degree .
Normally a student must attend a certain number of courses in order to graduate , and each course which he attends and gives him not only a credit which he may count towards a degree but also some valuable knowledge and skills .
A student must attend a certain number of courses in order to graduate , and each course which he attends and gives him a credit which he may count towards a degree .
Normally a student must attend a certain number of courses in order to graduate and be equipped with enough skills for future working, and each course which he attends and gives him a credit which he may count towards a degree .
In many American universities the total work for a degree consists of thirty-six courses each lasts for one semester .
The total work for a degree in many American universities is composed of thirty-six courses each lasts for one semester .
For one semester , each course lasts thirty-six courses is part of the total work for a degree in many American universities .
In many American universities , students have to complete thirty-six courses each lasts for one semester in order to obtain their degree .
In American universities the total work for a degree consists of thirty-six courses each lasts for one semester .
As we know, in many American universities the total work for a degree consists of thirty-six courses each lasts for one semester .
A typical course consists of three classes per week for fifteen weeks ; while attend a university , a student will probably attend four or five courses during each semester .
A typical course involves three classes per week for fifteen weeks ; while attend a university , a student will probably attend four or five courses during each semester .
A typical course consists of three classes per week for fifteen weeks ; while attend a university , a student will possibly attend four or five courses during each semester .
A student who is attend a university will probably attend four or five courses during each semester ; three classes per week for fifteen weeks is what a typical course consists of .
A typical course at most universities consists of three classes per week for fifteen weeks ; this means that while attend a university , a student will have to attend four or five courses during each semester to complete their degree .
A typical course consists of three classes per week ; while attend a university , a student will probably attend four or five courses during each semester .
It is possible to spread the period of work for the degree over a long period .
It is possible to distribute the period of work for the degree over a long period .
The period of work for the degree can be spread over a long period . It is possible .
A long period can be used to spread the period of work for the degree . It is possible .
It is possible to spread the period of work for the degree over a long period if you have some valid reasons and get approval from your supervisor .
It is possible to spread the period for the degree over a long period .
It is also possible for a student to move between one university and another during his degree course , though this is not in fact done for a regular practice .
It is also possible for a student to transfer between one university and another during his degree course , though this is not in fact done for a regular practice .
A student can also move between one university and another during his degree course , though this is not in fact done for a regular practice .
Though this is not in fact done for a regular practice, it is also possible for a student to move between one university and another during the period of his degree course .
It is also possible for a student to move between one university and another during his degree course , though this is not in fact done for a regular practice because of the differences in curriculum and requirements .
It is also possibleto move between one university and another during his degree course , though this is not in fact done for a regular practice .
All this imposes a constant pressure and strain of work , and in spite of this some students still find time for great activity in student affairs .
All this causes a constant pressure and strain of work , and in spite of this some students still find time for great activity in student affairs .
All this leads to a constant pressure and strain of work , and in spite of this some students still find time for great activity in student affairs .
In spite of all this imposing a constant pressure and strain of work , and some students still find time for great activity in student affairs .
All this imposes a constant pressure and strain of work on them , and even so some students still manage to find time for great activity in student affairs that they are passionate about .
All this imposes a pressure and strain of work , and in spite of this some students still find time for great activity in student affairs .
Elections to positions in student organizations arise much enthusiasm .
Elections to positions in student organizations arise much ardour .
Elections to positions in student organizations arise much passion .
Elections to positions in student organizations arise enthusiasm a lot .
Elections to positions in student organizations arise much enthusiasm among the candidates and voters who want to make a difference on campus .
Elections to positions organizations arise much enthusiasm .
The efficient word of maintaining discipline is usually performed by students who advise the academic authorities .
The efficient task of maintaining discipline is usually performed by students who advise the academic authorities .
Students who advise the academic authorities usually perform the efficient word of maintaining discipline .
The efficient word of maintaining discipline is performed by students who advise the academic authorities in most cases .
The efficient word of maintaining discipline refers to the actions and suggestions that are usually performed by students who advise the academic authorities on how to deal with misconducts and violations .
The efficient word of maintaining discipline is usually performed by students .
Any student who is thought to have broken the rules , for example , by cheating , have to appear before a student court .
Any student who is thought to have broken the rules , for example , by cheating on an exam or plagiarizing a paper , have to appear before a student court .
Any student who is considered to have broken the rules of academic integrity , for example , by cheating , have to appear before a student court .
Any student who is thought to have violated the rules , for example , have to face a disciplinary hearing before a student court .
Any student who is thought to have broken the rules have to appear before a student court .
Any student who is thought to have broken the rules , for example , by cheating , have to appear before a student court and do a deep review .
With the enormous numbers of students , the operation of the system does involve a certain number of activity .
With the enormous numbers of students , the operation of the system does entail a certain number of activity .
A certain number of activity are involved in the operation of the system with the enormous numbers of students .
The operation of the system with a mass of students does involve a certain number of activity .
With the enormous numbers of students , who have different needs and preferences , the operation of the system does involve a certain number of activity , such as registration , orientation , counseling , and evaluation .
With the enormous numbers of students , the operation of the system involve a certain number of activity .
Whenever you see the old film , even one made as early as ten years ago , you ca n't help be stuck by the appearance of the woman taking part .
Whenever you watch the old film , even one made as early as ten years ago , you ca nt help be drawn into the appearance of the woman taking part .
You ca nt help be stuck by the appearance of the woman taking part whenever you see the old movie , even one made as early as ten years ago .
Even when you see the old film made as early as ten years ago , you ca nt help be stuck by the appearance of the woman taking part .
Whenever you see the old film , even one made as early as ten years ago , you ca nt help be stuck by how different and outdated the appearance of the woman taking part looks compared to modern standards .
Whenever you see the old film , even one made as early as ten years ago , you ca n't help be stuck by the appearance .
heir hair-styles and make-up look dated ; their shirts look either too long nor too short ; their general appearance is , in fact , slightly ludicrous .
Their hair-styles and make-up seem dated ; their shirts look either too long nor too short ; their general appearance is , in fact , slightly ludicrous .
In fact , their general appearance is slightly ludicrous ; though their hair-styles and make-up look dated ; their shirts look either too long nor too short .
Their shirts look either too long nor too short ; their hair-styles and make-up look dated ; in fact , their general appearance is slightly ludicrous .
Their hair-styles and make-up look dated ; their shirts look either too long nor too short and do not fit them well ; their general appearance is , in fact , slightly ludicrous and unattractive.
Their hair-styles and make-up look dated ; their shirts look either too long nor too short ; their general appearance isslightly ludicrous .
There is something about their appearance to suggest that they belong to an entirely different age .
There is something about their appearance to indicate that they belong to an entirely different age .
There is something about their dressing to manifest that they belong to an entirely different age .
There is something about their appearance to show that they indeed belong to an entirely different age .
There is something about their appearance , such as their clothing , hairstyle , or accessories , to suggest that they belong to an entirely different age .
There is something about their appearance to suggest that they belong to a different age .
This illusion is created by changed fashions .
This illusion of how women look in old films is produced by changed fashions .
This illusion is caused by changed fashions .
By changed fashions , this fantasm is created .
This hallucination is created by changed fashions .
This illusionis created by changed fashions that reflect the social and cultural norms of each era .
Over the years , the great majority of men has successfully resisted all attempts to make them to change their style of dress .
Over the years , the great majority of men has successfully withstood all attempts to make them to change their style of dress .
All attempts to make them to change their style of dress has been successfully resisted by the great majority of men over the years .
The great majority of men has successfully resisted all attempts over the years to make them to change their style of dress .
Over the years , the great majority of men has successfully resisted all attempts to make them to change their style of dress and have maintained their own preferences and traditions .
Over the years , the great majority of men has resisted all attempts to make them to change their style of dress .
Each year a few so-call top designers in Paris and London lay down on the law and women over the whole world run to obey .
Each year a few so-call top designers in Paris and London enact on the law and women over the whole world run to obey .
Each year a few so-call top designers in Paris and London lay down on the law and women over the whole world run to abide by .
Each year a few so-call top designers in Paris and London lay down on the law and women over the whole world run to comply with .
Each year a few so-call top designers in Paris and London lay down on the law , such as what colors , fabrics , or styles are fashionable , and women over the whole world run to obey .
Each year a few so-call top designers in Paris and London lay down on the law .
This year , they decide in their arbitrary fashion skirts will be short and waists will be height ; zips are in and buttons are out .
This year , they determine in their arbitrary fashion skirts will be short and waists will be height ; zips are in and buttons are out .
This year , they conclude in their different fashion skirts will be short and waists will be height ; zips are in and buttons are out .
This year , they decide in their arbitrary fashion skirts will be short and waists will be height while zips are in and buttons are out .
This year , they decide in their arbitrary fashion that skirts will be short and waists will be height to create a contrast with last years long skirts and low waists; zips are in and buttons are out to follow the trend of simplicity and convenience .
This year , they decide skirts will be short and waists will be height ; zips are in and buttons are out .
Aimlessness has hardly been typical of the postwar Japan whose productivity and social harmony are the pride of the United States and Europe .
Aimlessness has barely been typical of the postwar Japan whose productivity and social harmony are the pride of the United States and Europe .
The postwar Japan whose productivity and social harmony are the pride of the United States and Europe has hardly been representative of aimlessness .
The postwar Japan whose productivity and social harmony are the pride of the United States and Europe has hardly been emblematic of aimlessness .
Aimlessness has hardly been typical of the postwar Japan whose productivity and social harmony are not only the pride of the United States and Europe , but also a model for many other countries .
Aimlessness has hardly been typical of postwar Japan whose productivity and social harmony are the pride of the United States .
Ten years ago young people were hard-working and saw their jobs as their primary reason of being , but now Japan has largely fulfilled its economical needs , and young people do n't know where they should go next .
Ten years ago young people were hard-working and considered their jobs as their primary reason of being , but now Japan has largely fulfilled its economical needs , and young people do nt know where they should go next .
But now Japan has largely fulfilled its economical needs , and young people do nt know where they should go next , whereas ten years ago young people were hard-working and saw their jobs as their primary reason of being .
Young people were hard-working and saw their jobs as their primary reason of being ten years ago, but they do nt know where they should go next now that Japan has largely implemented its economical needs .
Ten years ago young people were hard-working and saw their jobs as their primary reason of being , but now Japan has largely fulfilled its economical needs , and young people do nt know where they should go next or what they should pursue in life .
Ten years ago young people were hard-working and saw their jobs as their primary reason of being , but now Japan has largely fulfilled its economical needs , and young people do n't know where they should go .
The coming of age of the postwar baby boom and an entry of women into the male-dominated job market has limited the opportunities of teen-agers who are already questioning the heavily personal sacrifices involved in climbing Japan 's rigid social ladder to good schools and jobs .
The postwar baby boom maturing and an invasion of women into the male-dominated job market has curtailed the prospects of teen-agers who are already challenging the heavily personal sacrifices entailed in scaling Japan 's rigid social ladder to good schools and jobs .
The postwar baby boom reaching adulthood and an influx of women into the male-dominated job market has reduced the chances of teen-agers who are already doubting the heavily personal sacrifices involved in Japan 's strict social ladder to good schools and jobs .
The postwar baby boom reaching adulthood and an influx of women into the male-dominated job market has reduced the chances of teen-agers who are already doubting the heavily personal sacrifices required to ascend Japan 's strict social ladder to good schools and jobs .
The postwar baby boom maturing and an invasion of women into the male-dominated job market has curtailed the prospects of teen-agers who are already challenging the heavily personal sacrifices entailed in scaling Japan 's inflexible social ladder to good schools and jobs .
The coming of age of the postwar baby boom and an entry of women into the male-dominated job market has limited the opportunities of teen-agers who are already questioning the heavily personal sacrifices involved in climbing Japan 's rigid social ladder to good schools .
In a recent survey , it is found that only 24.5 percent of Japanese students were fully satisfied with school life , compared with 67.2 percent of students in the United States .
In a recent survey , it is exposed that only 24.5 percent of Japanese students were fully satisfied with school life , compared with 67.2 percent of students in the United States .
Compared with 67.2 percent of students in the United States , it is found that only 24.5 percent of Japanese students were fully satisfied with school life , according to a recent survey .
A recent survey found that only 24.5 percent of Japanese students were fully satisfied with school life , while it is compared with 67.2 percent of students in the United States .
In a recent survey , it is found that only 24.5 percent of Japanese students were fully satisfied with school life , which is much lower than the 67.2 percent of students in the United States who felt the same way .
In a recent survey , it is found that only 24.5 percent of Japanese students were satisfied with school life , compared with 67.2 percent of students in the United States .
In addition , far more Japanese workers expressed dissatisfaction with their jobs than that their counterparts in the 10 other countries surveyed .
Moreover , a much larger number of Japanese workers expressed dissatisfaction with their jobs than that their counterparts in the 10 other countries surveyed .
Far more Japanese workers were discontent with their jobs than that their counterparts in the 10 other countries surveyed , in addition .
Moreover , a much larger number of Japanese workers voiced dissatisfaction with their jobs than that their counterparts in the 10 other countries surveyed .
According to a recent survey that compared job satisfaction levels among workers from different countries , far more Japanese workers reported feeling dissatisfied with their work conditions and prospects than that those who worked in any of the other 10 countries included in the study .
Far more Japanese workers expressed dissatisfaction with their jobs than that their counterparts in the 10 other countries surveyed .
While often praised by foreigners for its emphasis on the basics , Japanese education tends to stress test taking and mechanic learning over creativity and self-expression .
While often praised by foreigners for its emphasis on the basics , Japanese education tends to accentuate test taking and mechanic learning over creativity and self-expression .
Test taking and mechanic learning are stressed over creativity and self-expression by Japanese education , which is often praised by foreigners for its emphasis on the basics .
Japanese education , which is often praised by foreigners for its emphasis on the basics , stresses test taking and mechanic learning more than creativity and self-expression .
While often praised by foreigners for its emphasis on the basics , such as reading , writing , math and science , Japanese education tends to stress test taking and mechanic learning over creativity and self-expression , which may limit students potential and innovation .
Japanese education tends to stress test taking and mechanic learning over creativity and self-expression .
Among the outcry , many conservative leaders are seeking a return to the prewar emphasis on moral education .
Among the protest , many conservative leaders are seeking a return to the prewar emphasis on moral education .
Among the outcry , many conservative leaders are exploring a return to the prewar emphasis on moral education .
Among the outcry , many conservative leaders are casting about for a return to the prewar emphasis on moral education .
Among the outcry that has arisen in recent times , many conservative leaders are seeking a return to the prewar emphasis on moral education that they believe is essential for social stability .
Among the outcry , many conservative leaders are seeking a return to the prewar emphasis .
Last year , Mitsuo Detoyama , who was then education minister , raised his eyebrow when he argued that liberal reforms introduced by the American occupation authorities after World War II had weakened the Japanese morality of respect for parents .
Last year , Mitsuo Detoyama , who was then education minister , elevated his eyebrow when he argued that liberal reforms introduced by the American occupation authorities after World War II had weakened the Japanese morality of respect for parents .
When he demonstrated that liberal reforms introduced by the American occupation authorities after World War II had weakened the Japanese morality of respect for parents , Mitsuo Detoyama , who was then education minister , raised his eyebrow last year .
Raising his eyebrow last year , Mitsuo Detoyama , who was then education minister , argued that liberal reforms introduced by the American occupation authorities after World War II had weakened the Japanese morality of respect for parents .
Last year , Mitsuo Detoyama , who was then education minister and a conservative politician , raised his eyebrow in disbelief when he argued that liberal reforms introduced by the American occupation authorities after World War II had weakened the Japanese morality of respect for parents and caused social problems .
Last year , Mitsuo Detoyama raised his eyebrow when he argued that liberal reforms introduced by the American occupation authorities after World War II had weakened the Japanese morality of respect for parents .
Sporting activities are essentially modified forms of hunting behavior . Viewed biologically , the modern footballer is revealed to a member of a disguised hunting pack .
Sporting activities are essentially adapted forms of hunting behavior . Viewed biologically , the modern footballer is revealed to a member of a disguised hunting pack .
Sporting activities are essentially modified forms of hunting behavior . Viewed biologically , the modern footballer is exposed to a member of a disguised hunting pack .
Sporting activities are essentially modified forms of hunting behavior . Viewed biologically , the modern footballer is disclosed to a member of a disguised hunting pack .
Sporting activities are essentially modified forms of hunting behavior that evolved from our ancestors survival skills . Viewed biologically , the modern footballer is revealed to a member of a disguised hunting pack that cooperates to catch prey .
Sporting activities are essentially modified forms of hunting behavior . The modern footballer is revealed to a member of a disguised hunting pack .
His killing weapon has turned into a harmless football and his plea into a goal-mouth .
His killing weapon has transformed into a harmless football and his plea into a goal-mouth .
A harmless football and a goal-mouth are what his killing weapon and his plea have turned into .
His killing weapon has turned into a harmless football while his plea into a goal-mouth .
His killing weapon has turned into a harmless football that he can kick around , and his plea into a goal-mouth that he can aim for .
His killing weapon has turned into a football and his plea into a goal-mouth .
If his aim is accurate and he scores a goal , will enjoy the hunter 's triumph of killing his prey .
If his goal is accurate and he scores a goal , will enjoy the hunter 's triumph of killing his prey .
If his aim is accurate and he scores a goal , will enjoy the hunter 's success of killing his prey .
If his aim is accurate enough to score a goal against a tough opponent ,  will enjoy even more the hunter 's triumph of killing his prey .
If his aim is accurate , will enjoy the hunter 's triumph of killing his prey .
It's no doubt that if his aim is accurate and he scores a goal , will enjoy the hunter 's triumph of killing his prey .
To understand how this transform has taken place we must briefly look at our ancient ancestors .
To appreciate how this transform has taken place we must briefly look at our ancient ancestors .
We must briefly look at our ancient ancestors to understand how this transform has happened .
How this transform has taken place , we must briefly look at our ancient ancestors to understand .
To understand how this transform from hunting to sports has taken place we must briefly look at our ancient ancestors and their way of life .
To understand how this transform has taken place we must ook at our ancient ancestors .
They spent over a million years evolved as co-operative hunters .
They cost more than a million years evolved as co-operative hunters .
They spent over a million years evolved as cooperant hunters .
They spent over a million years evolved as coadjutant hunters , which was exceptionally hard for them .
They spent over a million years evolved as collaborative hunters .
They spent over a million years evolved as hunters .
They became chasers , runners , jumpers , aimers , throwers and prey-killers .
They transformed chasers , runners , jumpers , aimers , throwers and prey-killers .
They became chasers , runners , jumpers , aimers , throwers and prey-killers without scruple .
They became chasers , runners , jumpers , aimers , throwers and prey-killers by fair means or foul .
They became chasers , runners , jumpers , aimers , throwers and prey-killers by hook or by crook .
They became chasers jumpers , aimers , throwers and prey-killers .
They co-operate as skillful male-group attackers . Then , about ten thousand years ago , after this immensely long formatted period of hunting for food , they became farmers .
They co-operate as skillful male-group attackers . Then , about ten thousand years ago , after this immensely long formatted period of hunting for food , they transformed farmers .
They co-operate as skillful male-group attackers . Then , about ten thousand years ago , after this immensely long formatted period of hunting for food and adapting to different environments , they became farmers .
They co-operate as skillful male-group attackers . Then , about ten thousand years ago , after this extensively long formatted period of hunting for food , they became farmers .
They co-operate as skillful male-group attackers who used various weapons and strategies . Then , about ten thousand years ago , after this immensely long formatted period of hunting for food , they became farmers who cultivated crops and domesticated animals .
They co-operate as skillful attackers . Then , about ten thousand years ago , after this immensely long formatted period of hunting for food , they became farmers .
Their improved intelligence , so vital to their old hunting lifewas put to a new use what of penning , controlling and domesticating their prey .
Their improved intelligence , so significant to their old hunting lifewas put to a new use what of penning , controlling and domesticating their prey .
Their improved mind , so vital to their old hunting lifewas put to a new use what of penning , controlling and domesticating their prey .
Their improved intelligence , which gave them an edge over other animals in their old hunting life , was put to a new use what of penning , controlling and domesticating their prey instead of killing them .
Their improved intelligence , so vital to their old hunting lifewas put to a new use what of controlling and domesticating their prey .
Their improved intelligence and skills so vital to their old hunting lifewas put to a new use what of penning , controlling and domesticating their prey .
The risks and uncertainties of farming were no longer essential for survival .
The risks and nondeterminacies of farming were no longer indispensable for survival .
The risks and uncertainties of farming were no longer requisite for survival , now there are other conditions .
The ventures and uncertainties of farming were no longer imperative for survival .
The risks and uncertainties of farming , which used to be a major challenge for their existence , were no longer essential for survival .
The risks and uncertainties of farming were essential for survival .
For the last fifteen or twenty years the fashion in criticism or appreciation of the arts has been to deny the existence of much valid criteria and to make the words good or bad irrelevant , immaterialand inapplicable .
To make the words good or bad irrelevant , immaterialand inapplicable , for the last fifteen or twenty years much valid criteria has been denied by the fashion in criticism or appreciation of the arts .
The fashion in criticism or appreciation of the arts has been making the words good or bad irrelevant , immaterialand inapplicable by denying much valid criteria for the last fifteen or twenty years .
For a long time , for the last fifteen or twenty years , it has been fashionable to deny much valid criteria when criticizing or appreciating art and to render meaningless and useless such words as good or bad .
For the last fifteen years the fashion in criticism or appreciation of the arts has been to deny the existence of much valid criteria and to make the words good or bad irrelevant , immaterialand inapplicable .
It's known that for the last fifteen or twenty years the fashion in criticism or appreciation of the arts has been to deny the existence of much valid criteria and to make the words good or bad irrelevant , immaterialand inapplicable .
There is no such thing , we are told , as a set of standards firstly acquired through experience and knowledge and later imposed to the subject under discussion .
There is no such thing , we are told , as a set of standards firstly earned through experience and knowledge and later imposed to the subject under discussion .
Contrary to what we are told , there is no such thing as a set of standards firstly acquired through experience and knowledge and later imposed to the subject under discussion .
We are told that there is no such thing as a set of standards firstly acquired through experience and knowledge and later imposed to the subject under discussion .
There is no such thing , we are told , as a set of standards firstly acquired through experience that can be later imposed to the subject under discussion with validity and relevance .
There is no such thing , we are told , as a set of standards firstly acquired through experienceand later imposed to the subject under discussion .
This has been a popular approach , for it relieves the critic of the responsibility of judgment and the public by the necessity of knowledge .
This has been a popular mean , for it relieves the critic of the responsibility of judgment and the public by the necessity of knowledge .
This has been a popular method , for it relieves the critic of the responsibility of judgment and the public by the necessity of knowledge .
This has been a popular approach , for it relieves the critic of the responsibility of making a sound judgment and the public by acquiring any knowledge .
This has been a popular approach , for it relieves the public by the necessity of knowledge .
The results show that this has been a popular approach , for it relieves the critic of the responsibility of judgment and the public by the necessity of knowledge .
It pleases those resentful of disciplines ; it flatters the empty-minded by calling him open-minded ; it comforts the confusing .
It gratifies those resentful of disciplines ; it flatters the empty-minded by calling him open-minded ; it comforts the confusing .
Those resentful of disciplines are pleased by it ; it flatters the empty-minded by calling him open-minded ; it comforts the confusing .
It pleases those resentful of disciplines ; it flatters the empty-minded by calling him nonjudgmental ; it comforts the confusing .
This has been a popular approach among critics and audiences alike , for it pleases those who are bitter about any rules or standards ; it flatters those who have no thoughts or opinions by calling him open-minded ; it comforts those who are confusing about what is good or bad .
It pleases those disciplines ; it flatters the empty-minded by calling him open-minded ; it comforts the confusing .
Under the banner of democracy and the kind of quality which our forefathers did no mean , it says , in fact , Who are you to tell us what is good or bad ?
Under the banner of democracy and the kind of quality which our forefathers did no mean , it declares , in fact , Who are you to tell us what is good or bad ?
It says , in fact , Who are you to tell us what is good or bad ? Under the banner of democracy and the kind of quality which our antecedents did no mean .
In fact , it says Who are you to tell us what is good or bad ? Under the banner of democracy and the kind of quality which our forefathers did no significance .
Under the banner of democracy and the kind of quality which our forefathers did no mean , it says boldly and defiantly , in fact , Who are you to tell us what is good or bad ? As if there were no objective standards or criteria for judging art .
Under the banner of democracy and the kind of quality which our forefathers did no mean ,n fact , Who are you to tell us what is good or bad ?
This is the same cry used so long and so effectively by the producers of mass media who insist that it is the public , not they , who decides what it wants to hear and to see , and that for a critic to say that this program is bad and that program is good is pure a reflection of personal taste .
By the producers of mass media who insist that it is the public , not they , who determines what it wants to hear and to see , this is the same cry used so long and so effectively , and that for a critic to say that this program is bad and that program is good is pure a reflection of personal taste .
By the producers of mass media who insist that it is the public , not they , who decides what it wants to hear and to see , this is the same cry which is used so long and so effectively , and that for a critic to say that this program is bad and that program is good is pure a reflection of personal taste .
This has been a common argument used for decades by the producers of mass media who insist that they are only giving people what they want , not what they think they should have , and that for a critic to say otherwise would be pure based on his or her own preferences .
This is the same cry used so long and so effectively by the producers of mass media who insist it is the public , not they , who decides what it wants to hear and to see , and that for a critic to say that this program is bad and that program is good is pure a reflection of personal taste .
This is the same cry used so long and so effectively by the producers of mass media who insist that it is the public , not they but also others, who decides what it wants to hear and to see , and that for a critic to say that this program is bad and that program is good is pure a reflection of personal taste .
Nobody recently has expressed this philosophy rather succinctly than Dr. Frank Stanton , the highly intelligent president of CBS television .
Nobody recently has conveyed this philosophy rather succinctly than Dr. Frank Stanton , the highly intelligent president of CBS television .
This philosophy has been rather succinctly expressed by nobody recently than Dr. Frank Stanton , the highly intelligent president of CBS television .
Nobody recently has expressed this philosophy rather sententiously than Dr. Frank Stanton , the highly intelligent president of CBS television .
This is a philosophy that nobody recently has been able to express rather succinctly and effectively than Dr. Frank Stanton , the highly intelligent president of CBS television who has a lot of influence and authority in the media industry .
Nobody has expressed this philosophy rather succinctly than Dr. Frank Stanton , the highly intelligent president of CBS television .
At a hearing before the Federal Communications Commission , this phrase escaped from him under questioning : One man 's mediocrity is another man 's good program .
At a hearing before the Federal Communications Commission , this phrase leaked from him under questioning : One man 's mediocrity is another man 's good program .
At a hearing before the Federal Communications Commission , this phrase escaped from him under inquiries : One man 's mediocrity is another man 's good program .
At a public hearings on proposed policies before the Federal Communications Commission , this phrase escaped from him under questioning : One man 's mediocrity is another man 's good program .
At a hearing before the Federal Communications Commission where he was questioned by some experts , this phrase from him escaped unintentionally and revealed his philosophy : One man 's mediocrity is another man 's good program .
At a hearing before the Federal Communications Commission , this phrase escaped from him under questioning.
Ismail Kadare , who was rewarded the Man Booker International Prize for literature this year , is the first Albanian writer to be taken notice in nearly 80 years .
Ismail Kadare , rewarded the Man Booker International Prize for literature this year , is the first Albanian writer to be taken notice in nearly 80 years .
The first Albanian writer to be taken notice  in nearly 80 years is Ismail Kadare , who was rewarded the Man Booker International Prize for literature this year .
This year , Ismail Kadare was rewarded the Man Booker International Prize for literature and became the first Albanian writer to be taken notice  in nearly 80 years .
Ismail Kadare , a prominent Albanian novelist and poet , who was rewarded the Man Booker International Prize for literature this year , is the first Albanian writer to be taken notice  in nearly 80 years .
Ismail Kadare , who was rewarded the Man Booker International Prize for literature , is the first Albanian writer to be taken notice in nearly 80 years .
His classic novel , The General of the Dead Army , is a meditation on the consequences of war , a hugely moved account of the meaning of duty and the tragedy that blind obedience entails .
His classic novel , The General of the Dead Army , is a meditation on the consequences of war , a hugely moved account of the meaning of duty and the tragedy that unquestioning obedience entails .
A enormously moved account of the meaning of duty and the tragedy that blind obedience entails , his classic novel , The General of the Dead Army , is a meditation on the consequences of war .
A meditation on the consequences of war , his classic novel , The General of the Dead Army , is a remarkably moved account of the meaning of duty and the tragedy that blind obedience entails .
His classic novel , The General of the Dead Army , which was published in 1963 and translated into more than 40 languages , is a meditation on the consequences of war , a hugely moved account of the meaning of duty and the tragedy that blind obedience entails .
His classic novel , The General of the Dead Army , is a hugely moved account of the meaning of duty and the tragedy that blind obedience entails .
It is early 1960s , nearly 20 years as the World War II ended . An Italian General , companied by a sinister priest who is also an Italian army colonel , is sent to Albania to locate and collect the bones of his countrymen who had died during the War and return them for burial in their national land .
It is early 1960s , nearly 20 years as the World War II ended . An Italian General , companied by a sinister priest who is also an Italian army colonel , is sent to Albania to locate and gather the bones of his countrymen who had died during the War and return them for burial in their national land .
It is early 1960s , nearly 20 years as the World War II ended . An Italian General , companied by a sinister priest who is also an Italian army colonel , is sent to Albania to locate and collect the bones of his countrymen who had died during the War and send them back for burial in their national land .
It is early 1960s , nearly 20 years as the World War II ended . An Italian General , companied by a sinister priest who is also an Italian army colonel , is sent to Albania to locate and collect the bones of his countrymen who had died during the War and bring them back for burial in their national land .
It is early 1960s , nearly 20 years as the World War II ended . An Italian General , companied by a sinister priestis sent to Albania to locate and collect the bones of his countrymen who had died during the War and return them for burial in their national land .
It's a story about an Italian. It is early 1960s , nearly 20 years as the World War II ended . An Italian General , companied by a sinister priest who is also an Italian army colonel , is sent to Albania to locate and collect the bones of his countrymen who had died during the War and return them for burial in their national land .
They are armed with maps , lists , and other important information such as measurements , dental and other records of the missing personal .
They take along maps , lists , and other important information such as measurements , dental and other records of the missing personal .
They are armed with maps , lists , and other significant information such as measurements , dental and other records of the missing personal .
They are armed with maps , lists , and other crucial information such as measurements , dental and other records of the missing personal .
They are armed with maps and other important information such as measurements , dental and other records of the missing personal .
They are armed with maps , lists ,computers and other important information such as measurements , dental and other records of the missing personal .
The General constantly talks to the priest who is accompanying them the futility of war and the sheer meaningless of the whole enterprise .
The General constantly complains to the priest who is accompanying them  the futility of war and the sheer meaningless of the whole enterprise .
The General constantly talks to the priest who is accompanying them  the futility of war and the sheer meaningless of the whole mission .
The General constantly talks to the priest who is accompanying them  the absurdity and horror of war and the utter pointlessness of the whole enterprise .
The General constantly talks to the priest the futility of war and the sheer meaningless of the whole enterprise .
The General in the church constantly talks to the priest who is accompanying them the futility of war and the sheer meaningless of the whole enterprise .
As they go deeper into the Albanian countryside they find their footsteps follow , sometimes anticipated , by a fellow General who is also looking for bodies the bodies of German countrymen .
As they go deeper into the Albanian countryside they find their footsteps shadowed , sometimes anticipated , by a fellow General who is also looking for bodies the bodies of German countrymen .
As they go deeper into the Albanian countryside they find their footsteps follow , sometimes anticipated , by a fellow Colonel who is also looking for bodies the bodies of German countrymen .
As they go deeper into the Albanian countryside they find their footsteps follow , sometimes anticipated , by a fellow Captain who is also looking for bodies the bodies of German countrymen .
As they go deeper into the Albanian countryside they find their footsteps follow , sometimes anticipated , by a fellow General who is also looking for the remains of his fallen comrades , the bodies of German countrymen .
They find their footsteps follow , sometimes anticipated , by a fellow General who is also looking for bodies the bodies of German countrymen.
It is a thankful job looking for the remains of dead souls merely to take them back home for a decent burial . Is it worth the exercise ?
It is a thankful duty looking for the remains of dead souls merely to take them back home for a decent burial . Is it worth the exercise ?
It is a thankful job looking for the remnants of dead souls merely to take them back home for a decent burial . Is it worth the exercise ?
It is a thankful job looking for the traces of dead souls merely to take them back home for a decent burial . Is it worth the exercise ?
It is a thankful job looking for the remains of dead souls merely to take them back home for a decent burial . Is it worth the exercise or just a waste of time and energy ?
It is a thankful job looking for the remains of dead souls merely to take them back home for a decent burial .
However , throughout this time I did in the sense engage in literary activities .
However , throughout this time I did in the sense involve myself in literary activities .
However , throughout this time I did in the sense engage in literary endeavors .
However , throughout this time I did in the sense engage in literary pursuits .
However , throughout this time I did in the sense engage in literary activities , even though they were not my main focus .
Throughout this time I did in the sense engage in literary activities .
To begin with there was the made-to-order stuff where I produced quickly , easily and without much pleasure to myself .
To begin with there was the made-to-order stuff where I generated quickly , easily and without much pleasure to myself .
To begin with there was the made-to-order material where I produced quickly , easily and without much pleasure to myself .
To begin with there was the made-to-order content where I produced quickly , easily and without much pleasure to myself .
To begin with there was the made-to-order stuff where I produced quickly , easily and without much pleasure to myself , but later on I found more satisfaction in my own creative work .
To begin with there was the made-to-order stuff where I produced quicklyand without much pleasure to myself .
Away from school work , I wrote vers d'occasion , semi-comic poems which I could turn out what now seems to me astonishing speed at fourteen I wrote a whole rhyming play , in imitation of Aristophanes , in about a week and helped to edit a school magazines , they printed and in manuscript .
Away from school work , I wrote vers doccasion , semi-comic poems which I could turn out  what now seems to me incredible speed at fourteen I wrote a whole rhyming play , in imitation of Aristophanes , in about a week and helped to edit a school magazines , they printed and in manuscript .
Away from school work , I wrote vers doccasion , semi-comic poems which I could turn out  what now seems to me astonishing speed at fourteen I wrote a whole rhyming play , in simulation of Aristophanes , in about a month and helped to edit a school magazines , they printed and in manuscript .
Away from school work , I wrote vers d'occasion , semi-comic verses which I could turn out what now seems to me astonishing speed at fourteen I wrote a whole rhyming play , in imitation of Aristophanes , in about a year and helped to edit a school magazines , they printed and in manuscript .
Away from school work , I wrote vers d'occasion , semi-comic poems which I could turn out what now seems to me astonishing speed at fourteen I wrote a whole rhyming play , in imitation of Aristophanes , in a week and helped to edit a school magazines , they printed and in manuscript .
Away from school work , I wrote vers d'occasion , semi-comic poems which I could turn out what now seems to me astonishing speed at fourteen I wrote a whole rhyming play , in imitation of Aristophanes , in about a week or more and helped to edit a school magazines , they printed and in manuscript .
These magazines were the most pitiful burlesque stuff that you could imagine , and I took far more trouble with them than I now would with the cheap journalism .
These magazines were the most pitiful burlesque stuff that you could imagine , and I invested far more trouble with them than I now would with the cheap journalism .
These publications were the most pitiful burlesque stuff that you could imagine , and I took far more trouble with them than I now would with the cheap journalism .
These periodicals were the most pitiful burlesque stuff that you could imagine , and I took far more trouble with them than I now would with the cheap journalism .
These magazines were the most pitiful burlesque stuff that you could imagine , and I took far more trouble with them than I now would with the cheap journalism , which is not worth my time or effort .
These magazines were the most pitiful stuff that you could imagine , and I took far more trouble with them than I now would with the cheap journalism .
But side by side with all this , for fifteen years or more , I was carrying out a literary exercise of a quite different kind : this was the making up of a continuous story about myself , a sort of diary exists only in the mind .
But side by side with all this , for fifteen years or more , I was conducting a literary exercise of a quite different kind : this was the making up of a continuous story about myself , a sort of diary exists only in the mind .
But side by side with all this , for fifteen years or more , I was carrying out a literary activity of a quite different kind : this was the making up of a continuous story about myself , a sort of diary exists only in the mind .
But side by side with all this , for fifteen years or more , I was carrying out a literary practice of a quite different kind : this was the making up of a continuous story about myself , a sort of diary exists only in the mind .
But side by side with all this , for fifteen years or more , I was carrying out a literary exercise of a quite different kind : this was the making up of a continuous story about myself , a sort of diary exists only in the mind that helped me cope with my loneliness and boredom .
For fifteen years or more , I was carrying out a literary exercise of a quite different kind : this was the making up of a continuous story about myself , a sort of diary exists only in the mind .
I believe this is a common habit of children and adolescents . As a very small child I used to imagine that I was , say , Robin Hood , and pictures myself as the hero of thrilling adventures , but quite soon my story ceased to be narcissistic in a crude way and became more and more a mere description of what I was doing so and the things I saw .
I believe this is a common habit of children and adolescents . As a very small child I used to fancy that I was , say , Robin Hood , and pictures myself as the hero of thrilling adventures , but quite soon my story ceased to be narcissistic in a crude way and became more and more a mere description of what I was doing so and the things I saw .
I believe this is a common habit of children and adolescents . As a very small child I used to imagine that I was , say , Robin Hood , and pictures myself as the hero of thrilling escapades , but quite soon my story ceased to be narcissistic in a crude way and became more and more a mere description of what I was doing so and the things I saw .
I believe this is a common habit of children and adolescents . As a very small child I used to imagine that I was , say , Robin Hood , and pictures myself as the hero of thrilling quests , but quite soon my story ceased to be narcissistic in a crude way and became more and more a mere description of what I was doing so and the things I saw .
I believe this is a common habit of children and adolescents to create imaginary worlds and scenarios in their minds . As a very small child I used to imagine that I was , say , Robin Hood , and pictures myself as the hero of thrilling adventures , but quite soon my story ceased to be narcissistic in a crude way and became more and more a mere description of what I was doing so and the things I saw .
I believe this is a common habit of children . As a very small child I used to imagine that I was , say , Robin Hood , and pictures myself as the hero of thrilling adventures , but quite soon my story ceased to be narcissistic in a crude way and became more and more a mere description of what I was doing so and the things I saw .
As to the need to describe things , I knew all about it already . So it is clear that kind of books I wanted to write , in such far as I could be said to want to write books at that time .
As to the need to describe things , I knew all about it already . So it is clear that kind of stories I wanted to write , in such far as I could be said to want to write books at that time .
As to the need to describe things , I knew all about it already . So it is clear that kind of genres I wanted to write , in such far as I could be said to want to write books at that time .
As to the need to describe things , I knew all about it already . So it is clear that kind of books I wanted to write , in such far as I could be said to have a passion for writing at that time .
As to the need to describe things , I knew all about it already . It is clear that kind of books I wanted to write , in such far as I could be said to want to write books at that time .
As to the need to describe all these things , I knew all about it already . So it is clear that kind of books I wanted to write , in such far as I could be said to want to write books at that time .
I wanted to write enormous naturalistic novels with unhappy endings , full of detailed descriptions and arrested similes , and also full of purple passages in which words were used partly for the sake of their own sound .
I wanted to pen enormous naturalistic novels with unhappy endings , full of detailed descriptions and arrested similes , and also full of purple passages in which words were used partly for the sake of their own sound .
I wanted to write enormous realistic novels with unhappy endings , full of detailed descriptions and arrested similes , and also full of purple passages in which words were used partly for the sake of their own sound .
I wanted to write enormous naturalistic novels with unhappy endings , full of detailed narratives and arrested similes , and also full of purple passages in which words were used partly for the sake of their own sound .
I wanted to write enormous naturalistic novels with unhappy endings , full of detailed descriptions and arrested similes , and also full of purple passages in which words were used partly for the sake of their own sound . I dreamed of creating literary masterpieces that would capture the essence and complexity of human nature, but also challenge the readers with unconventional plots and styles .
I write enormous naturalistic novels with unhappy endings , full of detailed descriptions and arrested similes , and also full of purple passages in which words were used partly for the sake of their own sound .
And in fact my first completed novel , Burmese Days , which I wrote when I was thirty but projected much earlier , is very that kind of book .
And in fact my first completed novel , Burmese Days , which I crafted when I was thirty but projected much earlier , is very that kind of book .
And in fact my first completed work , Burmese Days , which I wrote when I was thirty but projected much earlier , is very that kind of book .
And in fact my first completed story , Burmese Days , which I wrote when I was thirty but projected much earlier , is very that kind of book .
And in fact my first completed novel , Burmese Days , which I wrote when I was thirty but projected much earlier based on my experience in Burma , is very that kind of book .
In fact my first completed novel , Burmese Days , which I wrote when I was thirty but projected much earlier , is very that kind of book .
I give all this background information because I do not think one can assess a writer 's motive without knowing something of his early development .
I share all this background information because I do not think one can appraise a writer 's motive without knowing something of his early development .
I give all this background information because I do not think one can evaluate a writer 's motive without knowing something of his early development .
I give all this background information because I do not think one can value a writer 's motive without knowing something of his early development .
I give all this background information because I do not think one can assess a writer 's motive without knowing something of his early development , such as his family , education , and influences .
I give all this information because I do not think one can assess a writer 's motive without knowing something of his early development .
His subjective matter will be determined by the age he lives in at least this is true in tumultuous , revolutionary ages like our own but before he ever begins to write he will have acquired an emotional attitude from which he will never completely escape .
His subjective matter will be influenced by the age he lives in at least this is true in tumultuous , revolutionary ages like our own but before he ever begins to write he will have acquired an emotional attitude from which he will never completely escape .
His subjective matter will be determined by the age he lives in at least this is true in tumultuous , revolutionary ages like our own but before he ever begins to write he will have acquired an emotional perspective from which he will never completely escape .
His subjective matter will be determined by the age he lives in at least this is true in tumultuous , revolutionary ages like our own but before he ever begins to write he will have acquired an emotional disposition from which he will never completely escape .
His subjective matter will be determined by the age he lives in at least this is true in tumultuous , revolutionary ages like our own but before he ever begins to write or express himself .
His subjective matter will be determined by the age he lives in at least this is true in tumultuous , revolutionary ages like our own but before he ever begins to write he will have acquired an attitude from which he will never completely escape .
It is his job , not doubt , to discipline his temperament and avoid getting stuck at some immature stage , in some perverse mood ; but if he escapes from his early influences altogether , he have killed his impulse to write .
It is his job , not doubt , to discipline his temperament and avoid getting stuck at some immature phase , in some perverse mood ; but if he escapes from his early influences altogether , he  have killed his impulse to write .
It is his job , not doubt , to discipline his temperament and avoid getting stuck at some immature stage , in some perverse state ; but if he escapes from his early influences altogether , he  have killed his impulse to write .
It is his job , not doubt , to discipline his temperament and avoid getting stuck at some immature stage , in some perverse mood ; but if he escapes from his early effects altogether , he have killed his impulse to write .
It is his job , not doubt , to discipline his temperament and avoid getting stuck at some immature stage , in some perverse mood ; but if he escapes from his early influences , he have killed his impulse to write .
As you can see, it is his job , not doubt , to discipline his temperament and avoid getting stuck at some immature stage , in some perverse mood ; but if he escapes from his early influences altogether , he have killed his impulse to write .
They exist in different degrees in each writer , and in any one writer the proportions will vary from time to time , according to the atmosphere in which he is living .
They exist in different levels in each writer , and in any one writer the proportions will vary from time to time , according to the atmosphere in which he is living .
They exist in different aspects in each writer , and in any one writer the proportions will vary from time to time , according to the atmosphere in which he is living .
They exist in different degrees in each writer , and in any one writer the proportions will vary from time to time , according to the environment in which he is living .
They exist in each writer , and in any one writer the proportions will vary from time to time , according to the atmosphere in which he is living .
They exist in different degrees in each writer , and in any one writer the proportions will vary from time to time and affect him, according to the atmosphere in which he is living .
It may look like just another playgroup , and a unique educational center in Manhattan is really giving babies something to talk about .
It may look like just another playgroup , and a unique educational center in Manhattan is really providing babies something to talk about .
It may look like just another nursery , and a unique educational center in Manhattan is really giving babies something to talk about .
It may look like just another kindergarten , and a unique educational center in Manhattan is really giving babies something to talk about .
It may look like just another playgroup , and a unique educational center in Manhattan is really giving babies something to talk about by using innovative methods and materials .
It may look like another playgroup , and a unique educational center in Manhattan is really giving babies something to talk about .
It 's a school to teach languages to babies and young children by games , songs some of the classes also have arts and crafts , said Francois Thibaut , the founder of the Language Workshop for Children , a place babies become bilingual .
It s a school to train languages to babies and young children by games , songs some of the classes also have arts and crafts , said Francois Thibaut , the founder of the Language Workshop for Children , a place  babies become bilingual .
It s a school to teach tongues to babies and young children by games , songs some of the classes also have arts and crafts , said Francois Thibaut , the founder of the Language Workshop for Children , a place  babies become bilingual .
It s a school to teach languages to babies and young children by activities , songs some of the classes also have arts and crafts , said Francois Thibaut , the founder of the Language Workshop for Children , a place  babies become bilingual .
It s a school to teach languages to babies and young children by games, songs and stories some of the classes also have arts and crafts, said Francois Thibaut, the founder of the Language Workshop for Children, a place  babies become bilingual and learn about different cultures .
It 's a school to teach languages to babies by games , songs some of the classes also have arts and crafts , said Francois Thibaut , the founder of the Language Workshop for Children , a place babies become bilingual .
Children as young as few months are exposed to French and Spanish after many of them can even speak English .
Children as young as few months are immersed in French and Spanish after many of them can even speak English .
Kids as young as few months are exposed to French and Spanish after many of them can even speak English .
Children as young as few months are exposed to French and Spanish after many of them can even speak Anglo-Saxon .
Children as young as few months are exposed to French and Spanish after many of them can even speak English and they develop cognitive and linguistic skills faster than monolingual peers .
Children are exposed to French and Spanish after many of them can even speak English .
Educators use special songs and visual aids to ensure that when a child is ready to talking , the languages will not be so foreign .
Educators use special songs and visual aids to guarantee that when a child is ready to talking , the languages will not be so foreign .
Educators use special melodies and visual aids to ensure that when a child is ready to talking , the languages will not be so foreign .
Educators use special songs and illustrations to ensure that when a child is ready to talking , the languages will not be so foreign .
Educators use special songs and visual aids to ensure that when a child is ready to talking , the languages will not be so foreign and they can communicate with others more easily .
Educators use songs and visual aids to ensure that when a child is ready to talking , the languages will not be so foreign .
Already at nine months , a child can say the differences between the sounds he or she has heard since birth and the sounds he or she never heard yet .
Already at nine months , a child can say the discrepancies between the sounds he or she has heard since birth and the sounds he or she  never heard yet .
Already at nine months , a baby can say the differences between the sounds he or she has heard since birth and the sounds he or she  never heard yet .
Already at nine months , a child can say the differences between the noises he or she has heard since birth and the noises he or she  never heard yet .
Already at nine months , a child can say not only the differences between the sounds he or she has heard since birth and but also the sounds he or she  never heard yet .
At nine months , a child can say the differences between the sounds he or she has heard since birth and the sounds he or she never heard yet .
For the last 30 years , the school has been using what it calls the Thibaut Technique , a system that combines language lessons to children 's play .
For the last 30 years , the school has been using what it calls the Thibaut Technique , a system that fuses language lessons to children 's play .
For the last 30 years , the academy has been using what it calls the Thibaut Technique , a system that combines language lessons to children 's play .
For the last 30 years , the school has been using what it calls the Thibaut Technique , a system that combines language lessons to children 's frolic .
For the last 30 years , since its establishment , the school has been using what it calls the Thibaut Technique , a system that combines language lessons to children 's play .
For the last 30 years , the school has been using the Thibaut Technique , a system that combines language lessons to children 's play .
Even when students are not in class , the program is designed to make sure the learning continue at home .
Even when students are not in class , the program is designed to make sure the learning continue online .
Even when learners are not in class , the program is designed to make sure the learning continue at home .
Even when students are not in class , the course is designed to make sure the learning continue at home .
Even when students are not in class , due to some reasons , the program is designed to make sure the learning continue at home .
When students are not in class , the program is designed to make sure the learning continue at home .
Tapes and books are including so kids can practice on their own .
Tapes and books are including so kids can learn on their own .
Tapes and videos are including so kids can practice on their own .
Tapes and books are including so children can practice on their own .
Tapes and books are including so kids can practice on their own without any help .
Tapes and books are including kids can practice on their own .
Poverty exists because our society is an unequal one , and there are powerful political pressures to keep it such way .
Poverty exists because our society is an unequal one , and there are powerful political pressures to maintain it such way .
Poverty exists because our world is an unequal one , and there are powerful political pressures to keep it such way .
Poverty exists because our society is an unequal one , and there are powerful political forces to keep it such way .
Poverty exists because our society is an unequal one , and there are powerful political pressures to keep it such way despite the suffering of many people .
Poverty exists because society is an unequal one , and there are powerful political pressures to keep it such way .
People can be relatively rich only if you are relatively poor , and as power is mainly in hands of the rich , public policies reflect their interests rather than those of the poor .
People can be relatively rich only if you are relatively poor , and as power is mainly in  hands of the rich , public policies favor their interests rather than those of the poor .
People can be relatively wealthy only if you are relatively poor , and as power is mainly in  hands of the wealthy , public policies reflect their interests rather than those of the poor .
People can be relatively rich only if you are relatively poor , and as authority is mainly in  hands of the rich , public policies reflect their interests rather than those of the poor .
People can be relatively rich only if you are relatively poor , and as power is mainly in  hands of the rich , public policies reflect their interests rather than those of the poor who have little voice or influence .
People can be rich only if you are relatively poor , and as power is mainly in hands of the rich , public policies reflect their interests rather than those of the poor .
Poverty ensures that dirty work gets doing .
Poverty ensures that dirty work is doing .
Poverty ensures that dirty jobs get doing .
Poverty ensures that dirty work gets doing by people .
Poverty ensures that dirty work gets doing , even if it is low-paid and hazardous .
Poverty ensures thatwork gets doing .
If there were no poor people to scrub floors and empty bedpans , the jobs will have to be rewarded with high incomes before anyone would touch them .
If there were no poor people to scrub floors and empty bedpans , the jobs will have to be paid with high incomes before anyone would touch them .
If there were no poor people to scrub surfaces and empty bedpans , the jobs will have to be rewarded with high incomes before anyone would touch them .
If there were no poor people to scrub floors and empty bedpans , the tasks will have to be rewarded with high incomes before anyone would touch them .
If there were no poor people to scrub floors and empty bedpans , the jobs will have to be rewarded with high incomes before anyone would touch them , otherwise they would remain undone or neglected .
If there were no poor people to scrub floors and empty bedpans , the jobs will have to be rewarded with high incomes .
Poverty makes life easier for the rich if providing them with cooks , gardeners , and other workers to perform basic chores when their employers enjoy more pleasurable activities .
Poverty makes life easier for the rich if providing them with cooks , gardeners , and other workers to do basic chores when their employers enjoy more pleasurable activities .
Poverty makes life easier for the rich if providing them with chefs , gardeners , and other workers to perform basic chores when their employers enjoy more pleasurable activities .
Poverty makes life easier for the rich if providing them with cooks , gardeners , and other servants to perform basic chores when their employers enjoy more pleasurable activities .
Poverty makes life easier for the rich if providing them with cooks , gardeners , and other workers to perform basic chores when their employers enjoy more pleasurable activities such as traveling, shopping, or dining out .
Poverty makes life easier for the rich if providing them with cooks , gardeners , and other workers to perform basic chores when their employers enjoy pleasurable activities .
Poverty provides a market for inferior goods and service , such as day-old bread , run-down automobiles , or the advice of competent physicians and lawyers .
Poverty provides a market for inferior goods and service , such as day-old bread , run-down automobiles , or the guidance of competent physicians and lawyers .
Poverty provides a market for inferior goods and service , such as day-old loaf , run-down automobiles , or the advice of competent physicians and lawyers .
Poverty provides a market for inferior goods and service , such as day-old bread , run-down vehicles , or the advice of competent physicians and lawyers .
Poverty provides a market for inferior goods and service , such as day-old bread , run-down automobiles , or the advice of competent physicians and lawyers who may charge less but offer poor quality .
Poverty provides a market for inferior goods and service , such as day-old bread or the advice of competent physicians and lawyers .
It is just poverty is an inevitable outcome of the American economic system , which the poor are politically powerful to influence or change .
It is just  poverty is an inevitable outcome of the American economic system , which the poor are politically powerful to alter or change .
It is just  poverty is an inevitable outcome of the American economic structure , which the poor are politically powerful to influence or change .
It is just  poverty is an inevitable outcome of the American economic system , which the needy are politically powerful to influence or change .
It is just  poverty is an inevitable outcome of the American economic system , which the poor are politically powerful to influence or change despite their efforts and struggles .
It is just poverty is an inevitable outcome of the American economic system , which the poor are politically powerful to influence.
The digital revolution , as exemplified by the Internet and electronic commerce , has shaken marketing practices in their core .
The digital revolution , as exemplified by the Internet and electronic commerce , has shaken marketing practices in their essence .
The digital revolution , as exemplified by the Internet and electronic trade , has shaken marketing practices in their core .
The digital revolution , as exemplified by the Web and electronic commerce , has shaken marketing practices in their core .
The digital revolution , as exemplified by the Internet and electronic commerce , has shaken marketing practices in their core and forced them to adapt to new technologies and consumer behaviors .
The digital revolution has shaken marketing practices in their core .
In a recent paper , Wharton 's Jerry Wind , director of the SEI Center for Advanced Studies in Management , and author Vijay Mahajan , a marketing professor at the College of Business Administration of the University of Texas at Austin , examines the impact of digital marketing on concepts like pricing , when customers can propose their own prices , or buyers and sellers can haggle independent in auctions .
In a recent paper , Wharton 's Jerry Wind , director of the SEI Center for Advanced Studies in Management , and author Vijay Mahajan , a marketing professor at the College of Business Administration of the University of Texas at Austin , examines the influence of digital marketing on concepts like pricing , when customers can propose their own prices , or buyers and sellers can haggle independent in auctions .
In a recent paper , Wharton 's Jerry Wind , director of the SEI Center for Advanced Studies in Management , and author Vijay Mahajan , a marketing professor at the College of Business Administration of the University of Texas at Austin , examines the impact of digital marketing on notions like pricing , when customers can propose their own prices , or buyers and sellers can haggle independent in auctions .
In a recent paper , Wharton 's Jerry Wind , director of the SEI Center for Advanced Studies in Management , and author Vijay Mahajan , a marketing professor at the College of Business Administration of the University of Texas at Austin , examines the impact of digital marketing on concepts like pricing , when customers can propose their own prices , or buyers and sellers can haggle over independent in auctions .
In a paper , Wharton 's Jerry Wind , director of the SEI Center for Advanced Studies in Management , and author Vijay Mahajan , a marketing professor at the College of Business Administration of the University of Texas at Austin , examines the impact of digital marketing on concepts like pricing , when customers can propose their own prices , or buyers and sellers can haggle independent in auctions .
In a recent paper that sparked discussion , Wharton 's Jerry Wind , director of the SEI Center for Advanced Studies in Management , and author Vijay Mahajan , a marketing professor at the College of Business Administration of the University of Texas at Austin , examines the impact of digital marketing on concepts like pricing , when customers can propose their own prices , or buyers and sellers can haggle independent in auctions .
The paper provides an overview of some of the emerging realties and new rules of marketing in a digital world , and outlines the new discipline of marketing may look like in the early part of the new century .
The paper presents an overview of some of the emerging realties and new rules of marketing in a digital world , and outlines  the new discipline of marketing may look like in the early part of the new century .
The paper provides an outline of some of the emerging realties and new rules of marketing in a digital world , and outlines  the new discipline of marketing may look like in the early part of the new century .
The paper provides an overview of some of the emerging trends and new rules of marketing in a digital world , and outlines  the new discipline of marketing may look like in the early part of the new century .
The paper provides an overview of some of the emerging realties and new rules of marketing in a digital world , and outlines  the challenges, opportunities, and strategies for the new discipline of marketing may look like in the early part of the new century .
The paper provides an overview of the emerging realties and new rules of marketing in a digital world , and outlines the new discipline of marketing may look like in the early part of the new century .
It is not just our computers which are being reprogrammed ; it is customers themselves , says Wind . These emerging cyber consumers are like an alien race that have landed in the midst of our markets .
It is not just our computers which are being modified ; it is customers themselves , says Wind . These emerging cyber consumers are like an alien race that have landed in the midst of our markets .
It is not just our computers which are being reprogrammed ; it is buyers themselves , says Wind . These emerging cyber consumers are like an alien race that have landed in the midst of our markets .
It is not just our computers which are being reprogrammed ; it is customers themselves , says Wind . These emerging cyber shoppers are like an alien race that have landed in the midst of our markets .
It is not just our computers which are being reprogrammed ; it is customers themselves , says Wind . These emerging cyber consumers are like an alien race that have landed in the midst of our markets and changed their preferences and behaviors .
It is not just computers which are being reprogrammed ; it is customers themselves , says Wind . These emerging cyber consumers are like an alien race that have landed in the midst of our markets .
They have different expectations and different relationships with companies from that they purchase products and services .
They have different foresee and different relationships with companies from that they purchase products and services .
They have different expectations and different associations with companies from that they purchase products and services .
They have different expectations and different connections with companies from that they purchase products and services .
They have different expectations and different relationships with companies from that they purchase products and services , and these factors influence their loyalty and satisfaction levels .
They have different expectations and relationships with companies from that they purchase products and services .
Cyber consumers expect to be able to customize everything from the products and services they buy and the information they seek , the price they are willing to pay .
Cyber consumers expect to be able to modify everything from the products and services they buy and the information they seek ,  the price they are willing to pay .2
Cyber buyers expect to be able to customize everything from the products and services they buy and the information they seek ,  the price they are willing to pay .
Cyber consumers expect to be able to customize everything from the goods and services they buy and the information they seek ,  the price they are willing to pay .
Cyber consumers expect to be able to customize everything from the products and services they buy and the way they receive them, as well as   they seek ,   the price they are willing  to pay .
Cyber consumers expect to customize everything from the products and services they buy and the information they seek , the price they are willing to pay .
And with digital technology open new channels for gaining information , they are more knowledgeable and demanding than previous consumers .
And with digital technology open new channels for obtaining information , they are more knowledgeable and demanding than previous consumers .
And with digital technology open new channels for gaining information , they are more knowledgeable and fastidious than previous consumers .
And with digital technology open new channels for gaining information , they are more knowledgeable and finicking than previous consumers .
And with digital technology open new channels for gaining information , they are more knowledgeable and demanding than previous consumers compared with the previous .
And with digital technology open new channels for gaining information , they are more knowledgeable than previous consumers .
It is difficult to think of a nation as an abstract collection of people living on a patch of territory . It is easier to think of it is a person .
It is difficult to think of a nation as an abstract collection of people living on a cluster of territory . It is easier to think of it is a person .
It is difficult to think of a nation as an abstract collection of people living on a patch of domain . It is easier to think of it is a person .
It is tough to think of a nation as an abstract collection of people living on a patch of territory . It is easier to think of it is a person .
It is difficult to think of a nation as a collection of people living on a patch of territory . It is easier to think of it is a person .
It is difficult to think of a nation as an abstract collection of people living on a patch of territory . It is easier to think of it is a simple person .
This is why we sometimes call Great Britain Britannia and the United States Columbia , and think of it as stately women .
This is why we sometimes call Great Britain Britannia and the United States Columbia , and think of it of them as stately women .
This is why we sometimes call Great Britain Britannia and the United States Columbia , and think of it as majestic women .
This is why we sometimes call Great Britain Britannia and the United States Columbia , and think of it as sacred women .
This is why we call Great Britain Britannia and the United States Columbia , and think of it as stately women .
This is why we sometimes call Great Britain Britannia and the United States Columbia , and think of it as stately and noble women .
We also use masculine symbols in our personification of nations . In 1712 John Arbuthont , a Scot , wrote a political satire for which the characters were supposed to be typical members of same nationalities .
We also use masculine symbols in our personification of nations . In 1715 John Arbuthont , a Scot , wrote a political satire for which the characters were regarded as typical members of same nationalities .
We also use masculine symbols in our personification of nations . In 1716 John Arbuthont , a Scot , wrote a political satire for which the characters were supposed to be representative members of same nationalities .
We also use masculine symbols in our personification of nations . In 1717 John Arbuthont , a Scot , wrote a political satire for which the characters were taken for typical members of same nationalities .
We also use masculine symbols in personification of nations . In 1712 John Arbuthont , a Scot , wrote a political satire for which the characters were supposed to be typical members of same nationalities .
We also use some masculine symbols in our personification of nations . In 1712 John Arbuthont , a Scot , wrote a political satire for which the characters were supposed to be typical members of same nationalities .
The Englishman was John Bull . This name , which was sufficiently flattering to be adopted generally , combined the most common English first name with a last name indicated strength .
The Englishman was John Bull . This name , which was sufficiently flattering to be adopted generally , integrated the most common English first name with a last name indicated strength .
The Englishman was John Bull . This name , which was sufficiently flattering to be adopted generally , combined the most common English first name with a last name indicated force .
The Englishman was John Bull . This name , which was sufficiently flattering to be adopted universally , combined the most common English first name with a last name indicated strength .
The Englishman was John Bull . This name , which was adopted generally , combined the most common English first name with a last name indicated strength .
The Englishman was John Bull . This name , which was sufficiently flattering to be adopted generally , combined the most common and popular English first name with a last name indicated strength .
After the American War of Independence began in 1783 , the United States was known for Brother Jonathan .
Since the American War of Independence began in 1783 , the United States was known for Brother Jonathan .
After the American War of Independence began in 1783 , the America was known for Brother Jonathan .
After the American War of Independence began in 1783 , the United States was famous for Brother Jonathan .
After the American War of Independence began in 1783 , the United States was known for Brother Jonathan that lasted for too many years .
After the American War of Independence began , the United States was known for Brother Jonathan .
Jonathan was a biblical name associated with simple people from rural areas , and it seemed fitting since the United States is rural and unsophisticated , and since American considered their type of simplicity a virtue compared with the wick of European cities .
Jonathan was a biblical name associated with simple people from rural areas , and it seemed fitting since the United States is rural and stainless , and since American considered their type of simplicity a virtue compared with the wick of European cities .
Jonathan was a biblical name associated with simple people from rural areas , and it seemed fitting since the United States is rural and unsophisticated , and since American expected their type of simplicity a virtue compared with the wick of European cities .
Jonathan was a biblical name associated with simple people from rural areas , and it seemed fitting since the United States is rural and unsophisticated , and since American considered their type of austerity a virtue compared with the wick of European cities .
Jonathan was a name associated with simple people from rural areas , and it seemed fitting since the United States is rural and unsophisticated , and since American considered their type of simplicity a virtue compared with the wick of European cities .
Jonathan was a biblical name associated with simple people from rural areas , and it seemed fitting since the United States is rural and unsophisticated , and since American considered their type of simplicity a simple virtue compared with the wick of European cities .
It is possible , however , that the name originated with President George Washington , who would often say , when facing with a hard problem , Let us consult Brother Jonathan referring to his secretaryJohnathan Trumbull .
It is possible , however , that the name originated with President George Washington , who would often say , when facing with a difficult problem , Let us consult Brother Jonathan referring to his secretary Johnathan Trumbull .
It is possible , however , that the name originated with President George Washington , who would often say , when facing with a hard problem , Let us seek advice from Brother Jonathan referring to his secretary Johnathan Trumbull .
It is possible , however , that the name originated with President George Washington , who would often say , when facing with a hard problem , Let us consult Brother Jonathan dealing with his secretaryJohnathan Trumbull .
It is possible , however , that the name originated with President George Washington , who would often say , when facing with a hard problem and other confusion , Let us consult Brother Jonathan referring to his secretaryJohnathan Trumbull .
It is possible , however , that the name originated with President George Washington , who would often say , when facing with a problem , Let us consult Brother Jonathan referring to his secretaryJohnathan Trumbull .
Its history dates to 1792 . Today , two-thousand-eight hundred companies trade their shares at the New York Stock Exchange .
Its history dates to 1794 . Today , two-thousand-eight hundred companies conduct their shares at the New York Stock Exchange .
Its history traces to 1795 . Today , two-thousand-eight hundred companies trade their shares at the New York Stock Exchange .
Its history goes to 1796 . Today , two-thousand-eight hundred companies trade their shares at the New York Stock Exchange .
Its history dates to 1797 . Today , two-thousand-eight hundred companies come on the market and trade their shares at the New York Stock Exchange .
Its history dates to 1792 . Today , two-thousand-eight hundred companies trade shares at the New York Stock Exchange .
These companies are all public traded .
These companies are all public traded and all processes are transparent .
These companies are all public traded and any transaction data is available .
These companies are all public traded and there is no concealment .
These companies are all public traded and are subject to oversight .
These companies are public traded .
An American Depositary Receipt is giving in place of the stock , and can be traded on the exchange .
An American Depositary Receipt is giving instead of the stock , and can be traded on the exchange .
An American Depositary Receipt can be giving in place of the stock , and can be traded on the exchange .
An American Depositary Receipt is giving in place of the stock , and can be dealed on the exchange .
An American Depositary Receipt is giving in place of the stock .
American Depositary Receipt is giving in place of the stock , and can be traded on the exchange .
Stock is share in the ownership of a company .
Stock is share in the portion of a company .
Stock is share in the ownership of a corporation .
Stock is concept in economics .
Stock is proper term used in economics .
Stock is share in a company .
Bonds are generally sold in amount of one-thousand dollars or more .
Bonds are generally vended in amount of one-thousand dollars or more .
Bonds are generally sold in amount of one million dollars or more .
Bonds are generally sold in amount of five hundred dollars or more .
Bonds are generally sold in amount of one-thousand dollars or more , which makes them suitable for large-scale investors .
Bonds are sold in amount of one-thousand dollars or more .
Bonds can be resold or divided .
Bonds can  be traded or divided .
Bonds can  be resold or split .
Bonds can  be resold or severed .
Bonds can  be resold or divided , which gives them more flexibility and liquidity .
Bonds can be resold .
It have the right to buy and sell securities on the trading floor , for other investors or for them .
It have the right to vend securities on the trading floor , for other investors or for them .
It have the right to buy and sell stocks on the trading floor , for other investors or for them .
It have the right to buy and sell bonds on the trading floor , for other investors or for them .
It have the right to buy and sell securities on the trading floor , for other investors or for them , which gives them an advantage over ordinary traders .
It have the right to buy and sell securities , for other investors or for them .
Memberships have sometime sold for more than two-million dollars .
Memberships have sometime vended for more than two-million dollars .
Subscriptions have sometime sold for more than two-million dollars .
Affiliations have sometime sold for more than two-million dollars .
Memberships have sometime sold for more than two-million dollars , which is a very high price for joining a club or an organization .
Memberships have sometime sold .
The Big Ben is very famous throughout the world , but nobody really knows the reason why it is called Big Ben , however , there are two stories may explain the reason .
The Big Ben is very famous throughout the world , but nobody really knows the reason why it is called Big Ben , however , there are two stories may interpret the reason .
The Big Ben is very famous throughout the world , but nobody really knows the reason why it is called Big Ben , however , there are two origins may explain the reason .
The Big Ben is very celebrated throughout the world , but nobody really knows the reason why it is called Big Ben , however , there are two stories may explain the reason .
The Big Ben is very famous , but nobody really knows the reason why it is called Big Ben , however , there are two stories may explain the reason .
The Big Ben is very famous throughout the world , but nobody really knows the reason why it is called Big Ben , however , there are two stories may explain the reason for you .
Some people say that it was named Benjamin Caunt , a boxer , who was called Big Ben .
Some people say that it was named Benjamin Caunt , who was a boxer called Big Ben .
Some people say that it was named Benjamin Caunt , who was a boxer named Big Ben .
Some people say that it was named Benjamin Caunt , a well-known boxer , who was called Big Ben .
People say that it was named Benjamin Caunt , a boxer , who was called Big Ben .
Some people say that it was named Benjamin Caunt , a famous boxer , who was called Big Ben .
More people believed the name came from a Welshman , Sir Benjamin Hall .
More people believed the name was from a Welshman , Sir Benjamin Hall .
More people believed the name came from a Welshman whose name was Sir Benjamin Hall .
More people believed the name came from a Welshman , named Sir Benjamin Hall .
More people believed the name came from Sir Benjamin Hall .
However, more people believed the name came from a Welshman , Sir Benjamin Hall .
A story arose , during a debate in the House of Commons on what to call the bell , Sir Benjamin was about to give his ideas that someone who sat behind the front bench shouted , Let 's call it Big Ben !
A story arose  , during a debate in the House of Commons on what to call the bell , Sir Benjamin was about to share his ideas that someone who sat behind the front bench shouted , Let 's call it Big Ben !
A story arose  , during a debate in the House of Commons on what to call the tower, Sir Benjamin was about to give his ideas that someone who sat behind the front bench shouted , Let 's call it Big Ben !
A story arose  , during a debate in the House of Parliament on what to call the bell , Sir Benjamin was about to give his ideas that someone who sat behind the front bench shouted , Let 's call it Big Ben !
A story arose  , during a debate in the House of Commons on what to call the bell , Sir Benjamin was about to give his ideas that someone who sat behind the front bench shouted , Let 's call it Big Ben ! The name stuck and became popular ever since .
A story arose , during a debate in the House of Commons on what to call the bell , Sir Benjamin was about to give ideas that someone who sat behind the front bench shouted , Let 's call it Big Ben !
In 1857 , the structure completed and tested on the ground , but a four-foot crack appeared , and the bell had to cast again .
In 1857 , the structure  completed and examined on the ground , but a four-foot crack appeared , and the bell had to  cast again .
In 1857 , the bell  completed and tested on the ground , but a four-foot crack appeared , and it had to  cast again .
In 1857 , the structure  completed and tested on the ground , but a four-foot crack appeared , and it had to  cast again . The second casting took place in April 1858 at Whitechapel Bell Foundry .
In 1857 , the structure  completed and tested on the ground , but a four-foot flaw appeared , and the bell had to  cast again .
In 1857 , the structure tested on the ground , but a four-foot crack appeared , and the bell had to cast again .
Finally , the clock started ticking on May 31 , 1859 , and stroke its first chime on July 11 and then , in September , the bell cracked again .
Finally ,after a long delaythe clock started ticking on May 31 , 1859 , and stroke its first chime on July 11 and then , in September , the bell cracked again .
Finally , the watch started ticking on May 31 , 1859 , and stroke its first chime on July 11 and then , in September , the bell cracked again .
Finally , the clock started ticking on May 31 , 1859 , and stroke its first sound on July 11 and then , in September , the bell cracked again .
Finally, the clock started ticking on May 31, 1859 , and stroke its first chime on July 11 . However, it was not a smooth start as in September , the bell cracked again due to a faulty hammer .
Finally , the clock started ticking on May 31 , 1859 , and stroke its first chime on July 11 , in September , the bell cracked again .
Craftsmen made a square above the crack to stop it from cracking more and it can still be seen today .
Craftsmen built a square above the crack to stop it from cracking more and it can still be seen today .
Workers made a square above the crack to stop it from cracking more and it can still be seen today .
Craftsmen made a patch above the crack to stop it from cracking more and it can still be seen today .
Craftsmen made a square above the crack to stop it from cracking more and it can still be seen today . This is a clever way of preserving the original structure without compromising its integrity .
Craftsmen made a square to stop it from cracking more and it can still be seen today .
Even one extra penny 's weight on the balance would cause a loss of two fifths of a second in twenty hours .
Even one extra penny 's weight on the balance would result in a loss of two fifths of a second in twenty hours .
Even one extra penny 's mass on the balance would cause a loss of two fifths of a second in twenty hours .
Even one extra penny 's weight on the scale would cause a loss of two fifths of a second in twenty hours .
Even one extra penny 's weight on the balance would cause a loss of two fifths of a second in twenty hours , which is significant for such a delicate device .
Even one extra penny 's weight on the balance would cause a loss of two fifths of a second
The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants begin its fiscal year on August first .
The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants begin its fiscal year on September first .
The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants begin its fiscal year on July first .
The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants begin its financial year on August first .
The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants begin its budgetary year on August first .
The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants begin its fiscal year on August first , which is different from the calendar year that starts on January first .
Accountants add earnings and losses at the end of a fiscal year .
Accountants append  earnings and losses at the end of a fiscal year .
Bookkeepers add  earnings and losses at the end of a fiscal year .
Accountants add  profits and losses at the end of a fiscal year .
Accountants add  earnings and losses at the end of a fiscal year to calculate the net income or loss for that period .
Accountants add earnings and losses
Congress is supposing to approve federal spending for the coming fiscal year by October first .
Congress is supposing to ratify federal spending for the coming fiscal year by October first .
Parliament is supposing to approve federal spending for the coming fiscal year by October first .
Congress is supposing to approve federal expenditure for the coming fiscal year by October first .
Congress is supposing to approve federal spending for the coming fiscal year by October first , or else there will be a government shutdown .
Congress is supposing to approve federal spending
This does not always happen . Both the House of Representatives or the Senate must write and vote for their own budget resolution .
This does not often happen . Both the House of Representatives or the Senate must write and vote for their own budget resolution .
This does not always happen . Both the House of Representatives or the Senate must pen and vote for their own budget resolution .
This does not always happen . Both the House of Representatives or the Senate must write and select for their own budget resolution .
Both the House of Representatives or the Senate must write and vote for their own budget resolution .
This does not always happen . Both the House of Representatives or the Senate usually must write and vote for their own budget resolution .
This is a general plan for spending .
This is a general plan for following .
This is a general plan for spending money .
This is a general plan for spending time .
This is a general plan for spending that covers various aspects such as budget , duration and goals .
This is a plan for spending .
Then , a conference committee meet .
Afterwards , a conference committee meet .
Then , a joint committee meet .
Then , a compromise committee meet .
Then , a conference committee meet to reconcile the differences between the two versions of the bill .
A conference committee meet .
Committees in both houses must also approve the exact number of money for each program .
Committees in both houses must also endorse the exact number of money for each program .
Panels in both houses must also approve the exact number of money for each program .
Groups in both houses must also approve the exact number of money for each program .
Committees in both houses must also approve the exact number of money for each program before they can pass it to the president for signing .
Committees must also approve the exact number of money for each program .
Below the committees are subcommittees that make decisions about areas alike education and defense .
Below the committees are subcommittees that create decisions about areas alike education and defense .
Below the groups are subcommittees that make decisions about areas alike education and defense .
Below the committees are subcommittees that make decisions about fields alike education and defense .
Below the committees are subcommittees that make decisions about areas alike education and defense and report them to their respective chairs .
Below the committees are subcommittees that make decisions about areas alike education
The appropriations process often takes place at the same time if the budget resolution process .
The appropriations process often happens at the same time if the budget resolution process .
The funding process often takes place at the same time if the budget resolution process .
The appropriations process often takes place at the same time if the budget planning process .
The appropriations process often takes place at the same time if the budget resolution process to allocate funds for federal programs and agencies .
The appropriations process takes place at the same time if the budget resolution process .
One of our main arguments is that we in Western countries actually have a part for play in causing the problems of the Third World .
One of our main arguments is that we in Western countries actually have a part for participate in causing the problems of the Third World .
One of our main claims is that we in Western countries actually have a part for play in causing the problems of the Third World .
One of our main points is that we in Western countries actually have a part for play in causing the problems of the Third World .
One of our main arguments is that we in Western countries actually have a part for play in causing the problems of the Third World by exploiting their resources and imposing unfair trade policies .
Our main argument is that we in Western countries actually have a part for play in causing the problems of the Third World .
Many Third World countries are saddle with immense debt burdens , for example , they were lent money at high interest rates in the 1970s , when money flooded into Western banks from the oil-producing countries and was lent off to the Third World .
Many Third World countries are saddle with immense debt burdens , for example , they were granted money at high interest rates in the 1970s , when money flooded into Western banks from the oil-producing countries and was granted off to the Third World .
Many Third World nations are saddle with immense debt burdens , for example , they were lent money at high interest rates in the 1970s , when money flooded into Western banks from the oil-producing nations and was lent off to the Third World .
Many Third World states are saddle with immense debt burdens , for example , they were lent money at high interest rates in the 1970s , when money flooded into Western banks from the oil-producing states and was lent off to the Third World .
Many Third World countries are saddle with immense debt burdens that hinder their economic development, for example, they were lent money at high interest rates in the 1970s, when money flooded into Western banks from the oil-producing countries and was lent off to them without proper supervision or accountability .
Many Third World countries are saddle with immense debt burdens , they were lent money at high interest rates in the 1970s , when money flooded into Western banks from the oil-producing countries and was lent off to the Third World .
The interest rates have then been risen dramatically .
The interest rates have then been risen steeply .
The fees have then been risen dramatically .
The charges have then been risen dramatically .
The interest rates have then been risen dramatically due to the high inflation and low supply of money .
The interest rates have been risen dramatically .
So you have a situation where a country in many cases ca n't even repay the interest letting alone the capital , on the debt .
So you have a situation where a country in many cases cant even satisfy the interest letting alone the capital , on the debt .
So you have a situation where a nation in many cases cant even repay the interest letting alone the capital , on the debt .
So you have a situation where a country in many cases cant even repay the interest letting alone the principal, on the debt .
So you have a situation where a country in many cases cant even repay the interest letting alone the capital , on the debt and faces default or bankruptcy .
So you have a situation where a country in many cases can't repay the interest letting alone the capital , on the debt .
And I suppose the best example from what I have come across is a country in West Africa where the consumption , the local consumption of peanuts was banned because of peanuts , if they are exported can bring in a great deal of foreign income .
And I suppose the best example from what I have come across is a country in West Africa where the consumption , the local consumption of peanuts was banned because of peanuts , if they are shipped can bring in a great deal of foreign income .
And I suppose the best example from what I have come across is a country in West Africa where the use , the local use of peanuts was banned because of peanuts , if they are exported can bring in a great deal of foreign income .
And I suppose the best example from what I have come across is a country in West Africa where the consumption , the local consumption of groundnuts was banned because of groundnuts , if they are exported can bring in a great deal of foreign income .
And I suppose the best example from what I have come across is a country in West Africa where the consumption , the local consumption of peanuts was banned because of peanuts , if they are exported can bring in a great deal of foreign income and deprive people of their staple food .
I suppose the best example from what I have come across is a country in West Africa where the consumption , the local consumption of peanuts was banned because of peanuts , if they are exported can bring in a great deal of foreign income .
We have much milk , more milk than we can cope with in the Western World .
We have much milk , more milk than we can handle in the Western World .
We have much dairy , more dairy than we can cope with in the Western World .
We have much lactescence , more lactescence than we can cope with in the Western World .
We have much milk , more milk than we can cope with in the Western World , which leads to a lot of waste and environmental problems .
We have much milk , morethan we can cope with in the Western World .
And also that milk was transformed into dried milk powder and then taken back to this country to help feed children who were suffering from malnutrition .
And also that milk was transformed into dried milk powder and then brought back to this country to help feed children who were suffering from malnutrition .
And also that dairy was transformed into dried milk powder and then taken back to this country to help feed children who were suffering from malnutrition.
And also that milk was transformed into dried lactose powder and then taken back to this country to help feed children who were suffering from malnutrition .
And also that milk was transformed into dried milk powder and then taken back to this country to help feed children who were suffering from malnutrition and prevent further deaths .
also that milk was transformed into dried milk powder and then taken back to this country to help feed children who were suffering from malnutrition .
So that 's the kind of insanely economic relationship that we have got ourselves into the Third World .
So that 's the kind of insanely economic relationship that we have created ourselves into the Third World .
So that 's the kind of insanely fiscal relationship that we have got ourselves into the Third World .
So that 's the kind of insanely business relationship that we have got ourselves into the Third World .
So that 's the kind of insanely economic relationship that we have got ourselves into the Third World , which is unfair and unsustainable for both parties .
That 's the kind of insanely economic relationship that we have got ourselves into the Third World .
Since OPEC agreed to supply-cuts in March , the price of crude oil jumped to almost $ 26 a barrel , up from less than $ 10 last December .
Since OPEC agreed to supply-cuts in March , the price of crude oil  jumped to almost $ 26 a barrel , up from less than $ 10 last month .
Since OPEC agreed to production-cuts in March , the price of crude oil  jumped to almost $ 26 a barrel , up from less than $ 10 last December .
Since OPEC agreed to supply-cuts in March , the price of petroleum  jumped to almost $ 26 a barrel , up from less than $ 10 last December .
Since OPEC agreed to supply-cuts in March , the price of crude oil  jumped to almost $ 26 a barrel , up from less than $ 10 last December , causing a surge in inflation and energy costs .
Since OPEC agreed to supply-cuts , the price of crude oil jumped to almost $ 26 a barrel , up from less than $ 10 last December .
This near-tripling of oil prices calls for scary memories of the 1973 oil shock , when prices quadrupled , and 1979~80 , when they also almost tripled .
This near-tripling of oil prices brings for scary memories of the 1973 oil shock , when prices quadrupled , and 1979~80 , when they also almost tripled .
This near-tripling of petroleum prices calls for scary memories of the 1973 oil shock , when prices quadrupled , and 1979~80 , when they also almost tripled .
This near-tripling of fuel prices calls for scary memories of the 1973 oil shock , when prices quadrupled , and 1979~80 , when they also almost tripled .
This near-tripling of oil prices calls for scary memories of the 1973 oil shock , when prices quadrupled , and 1979~80 , when they also almost tripled . These events had a huge impact on the global economy and politics .
This near-tripling of oil prices calls for scary memories of the 1973 oil shock , when prices quadrupled , and 1979~80 , when they almost tripled .
All previous shocks resulted in double-digitinflation and global economic decline .
All previous shocks generated double-digitinflation and global economic decline .
All previous shocks gave rise in double-digitinflation and global economic decline .
All previous shocks resulted in double-digitinflation and global economic recession .
All previous shocks resulted in double-digitinflation .
All previous shocks directly resulted in double-digitinflation and global economic decline .
So where the headlines warning of gloom and doom this time ?
So where  the headlines predicting gloom and doom this time ?
So where  the headlines warning of despair and doom this time ?
So where  the headlines warning of gloom and calamity this time ?
So where  the headlines warning of gloom and doom this time when everything seems fine ?
So where the headlines warning of gloom ?
Strengthen economic growth , at the same time as winter grips the northern hemisphere , could push the price higher still at the short term .
Strengthening economic development , at the same time as winter grips the northern hemisphere , could push the price higher still at the short term .
Strengthening economic growth , at the same time as winter grips the northern region , could push the price higher still at the short term .
Strengthening economic growth , at the same time as winter grips the northern hemisphere , could push the price higher still at the next few months .
Strengthen economic growth , at the same time as winter grips the northern hemisphere , could push the price higher at the short term .
Strengthen economic growth , at the same time as winter grips the northern hemisphere , could also push the price higher still at the short term .
In most countries the cost of crude oil now accounts for a small share of the price of petrol than it did in the 1970s .
In most countries the cost of crude oil now represents a small share of the price of petrol than it did in the 1970s .
In most countries the cost of crude oil now accounts for a small share of the cost of petrol than it did in the 1970s .
In most countries the cost of crude oil now accounts for a small share of the rate of petrol than it did in the 1970s .
Due to various factors such as taxes and subsidies , in most countries the cost of crude oil now accounts for a small share of the price of petrol than it did in the 1970s .
The cost of crude oil now accounts for a small share of the price of petrol than it did in the 1970s .
In Europe , taxes account for to four-fifths of the retail price , as even quite big changes in the price of crude have a more muted effect on pump prices than in the past .
In Europe , taxes account for  to four-fifths of the retail price , so even quite big changes in the price of crude cause a more muted effect on pump prices than in the past .
In Europe , taxes account for  to four-fifths of the cost , so even quite big changes in the price of crude have a more muted effect on pump prices than in the past .
In Europe , taxes account for  to four-fifths of the selling price , so even quite big changes in the price of crude have a more muted effect on pump prices than in the past .
In Europe , taxes account for  to four-fifths of the retail price , so even quite big changes in the price of crude have a more muted effect on pump prices than in the past because consumers pay less attention to them .
Taxes account for to four-fifths of the retail price , as even quite big changes in the price of crude have a more muted effect on pump prices than in the past .
Rich economies are also more dependent on oil than they were , and so less sensitive to swings in the oil price .
Rich economies are also more dependent on oil than they were , and so less affected by swings in the oil price .
Rich economies are also more dependent on energy than they were , and so less sensitive to swings in the oil price .
Rich economies are also more dependent on oil than they were , and so less sensitive to swings in the market .
Rich economies are also more dependent on oil than they were , and so less sensitive to swings in the oil price . This is because they have diversified their sources of energy and reduced their consumption of fossil fuels .
Rich economies are more dependent on oil than they were , and so less sensitive to swings in the oil price .
Legal aliens are people living in the U.S.A. without proper authorization .
Legal aliens are people dwelling in the U.S.A. without proper authorization .
Legal aliens are people living in the country without proper authorization .
Legal aliens are people living in the U.S.A. without proper documentation .
Legal aliens are people living in the U.S.A. without proper authorization , which makes them subject to deportation and other legal consequences .
Legal aliens are people living in the U.S.A. without authorization .
Others came on temporary student or visitor visas and did not leave until their visas were expired .
Others arrived on temporary student or visitor visas and did not leave until their visas were expired .
Others came on temporary student or visitor permits and did not leave until their permits were expired .
Others came on temporary student or visitor warrants and did not leave until their warrants were expired .
Others came on temporary student or visitor visas and did not leave until their visas were expired because they wanted to stay longer in the country .
Others came on visitor visas and did not leave until their visas were expired .
Most illegal aliens want to stay in the U.S.A. because employment opportunities are so greater than in their native country .
Most illegal aliens hope to stay in the U.S.A. because employment chances are so  greater than in their native country .
Most illegal aliens want to stay in the U.S.A. because job opportunities are so  greater than in their native country .
Most illegal aliens want to stay in the U.S.A. because work opportunities are so  better than in their native country .
Most illegal aliens want to stay in the U.S.A. because employment opportunities are so  greater than in their native country , and they also enjoy the freedom and diversity of American culture .
Illegal aliens want to stay in the U.S.A. because employment opportunities are so greater than in their native country .
Since illegal aliens try hard not to be discovered by the government , it is possible to get an accurate count of them .
Since illegal aliens try hard not to be discovered by the government , it is possible to obtain an accurate count of them .
Since illegal immigrants try hard not to be discovered by the government , it is possible to get an accurate count of them .
Since illegal aliens try hard not to be discovered by the government , it is possible to get an accurate estimate of them .
Since illegal aliens try hard not to be discovered by the government , it is possible to get an accurate count of them . This makes it difficult for policymakers and researchers to assess their impact on society and economy.
Since illegal aliens try not to be discovered by the government , it is possible to get an accurate count of them .
In 1986the United States government adopted a new law affected illegal aliens the Immigration Reform and Control Act .
In 1986 the United States government passed a new regulation affected illegal aliens the Immigration Reform and Control Act .
In 1986 the American government adopted a new policy affected illegal aliens the Immigration Reform and Control Act.
In 1986 the United States government adopted a new regulation affected illegal migration the Immigration Reform and Control Act .
In 1986 the United States government adopted a new law affected illegal aliens the Immigration Reform and Control Act , which granted amnesty to some undocumented immigrants and penalized employers who hired others .
In 1986 the United States government adopted a law affected illegal aliens the Immigration Reform and Control Act .
This law was designed to accomplish two main goals : to allow illegal aliens who have been living in the country since January , 1982 to gain legal status when they applied by May 4 , 1988 ; and to discourage others from coming into or staying in the country illegally by making difficult for undocumented people to find employment .
This law was planned to accomplish two main goals : to allow illegal aliens who have been living in the country since January , 1982 to gain legal status when they applied by May 4 , 1988 ; and to discourage others from coming into or staying in the country illegally by making  difficult for undocumented people to find employment .
This law was designed to accomplish two main objectives : to allow illegal aliens who have been living in the country since January , 1982 to gain legal status when they applied by May 4 , 1988 ; and to discourage others from coming into or staying in the country illegally by making  difficult for undocumented people to find employment .
This law was designed to accomplish two main purposes : to allow illegal aliens who have been living in the country since January , 1982 to gain legal status when they applied by May 4 , 1988 ; and to discourage others from coming into or staying in the country illegally by making  difficult for undocumented people to find employment .
This law was designed to accomplish two main goals : first,to allow illegal aliens who have been living in the country since January , 1982 and met certain criteriato gain legal status when they applied by May 4 , 1988 ; and second,to discourage others from coming into or staying in the country illegally by making  difficult for undocumented people or employers who hired themto find employment .
This law accomplishs two main goals : to allow illegal aliens who have been living in the country since January , 1982 to gain legal status when they applied by May 4 , 1988 ; and to discourage others from coming into or staying in the country illegally by making difficult for undocumented people to find employment .
But it also forces employers check on all prospective employees who look or sound foreign to be sure that they have documents allowed them to work .
But it also forces employers  check on all prospective employees who look or sound foreign to be sure that they have papers allowed them to work .
However, it also forces employers  check on all prospective employees who look or sound foreign to be sure that they have documents allowed them to work .
But it also forces employers  check on all prospective employees who look or sound foreign to be sure that they have documents allowed them to work . This is a way of preventing illegal immigration and protecting national security.
But it also forces employers  verify all prospective employees who look or sound foreign to be sure that they have documents allowed them to work .
It also forces employers check on all prospective employees who look or sound foreign to be sure that they have documents allowed them to work .
The entrepreneur , according to French economist J.B. Say , is a person who shifts economic resources out of an area of lower and from an area of higher productivity and yield .
The entrepreneur , according to French economist J.B. Say , is a person who transfers economic resources out of an area of lower and from an area of higher productivity and yield .
The entrepreneur , according to French economist J.B. Say , is a person who shifts economic assets out of an area of lower and from an area of higher productivity and yield .
The entrepreneur , according to French economist J.B. Say , is a person who shifts economic factors out of an area of lower and from an area of higher productivity and yield .
The entrepreneur , according to French economist J.B. Say , is a person who shifts economic resources out of an area of lower profitability and from an area of higher productivity and yield by creating new products or services that meet consumer needs .
The entrepreneur , according to French economist J.B. , is a person who shifts economic resources out of an area of lower and from an area of higher productivity and yield .
But Say 's definition does not tell us who this entrepreneur is . Some define the entrepreneur simple as one who starts his or her own new and small business .
But Says definition does not reveal us who this entrepreneur is . Some define the entrepreneur simple as one who starts his or her own new and small business .
But Says definition does not tell us who this innovator is . Some define the innovator simple as one who starts his or her own new and small business .
But Says definition does not tell us who this creator is . Some define the creator simple as one who starts his or her own new and small business .
But Says definition does not tell us who this entrepreneur is , nor what skills and qualities he or she possesses. Some define the entrepreneur simple as one who starts his or her own new and small business .
Say 's definition does not tell us who this entrepreneur is . Some define the entrepreneur simple as one who starts his or her own new and small business .
For our purposes , we will define the entrepreneur as a person who takes the necessary risks to organize and manage a business and receives the financial profits and nonmonetary reward .
For our purposes , we will define the entrepreneur as a person who takes the necessary risks to organize and run a business and receives the financial profits and nonmonetary reward .
For our purposes , we will define the entrepreneur as a person who takes the necessary risks to organize and manage an enterprise and receives the financial profits and nonmonetary reward .
For our purposes , we will define the entrepreneur as a person who takes the necessary risks to organize and manage a business and receives both financial profits and nonmonetary reward .
We will define the entrepreneur as a person who takes the necessary risks to organize and manage a business and receives the financial profits and nonmonetary reward .
For our purposes , we will define the entrepreneur as a person who takes the necessary risks to organize and manage a important business and receives the financial profits and nonmonetary reward .
The man who opens a small pizza restaurant is of business , but is he an entrepreneur ?
People who open a small pizza restaurant is of business , but are they entrepreneurs ?
The man who opens a small Chinese shop is of business , but is he an entrepreneur ?
The man who opens a small pizza parlor is of business , but is he an entrepreneur ?
The man who opens a small pizza restaurant is of business , but is he an entrepreneur or just a self-employed owner ?
The man is of business , but is he an entrepreneur ?
He took a risk and did something , but did he shift resources or started the business ?
He took a risk and did something , but did he reallocate resources or started the business ?
He took a risk and did something , but did he shift assets or started the business ?
He took a risk and did something , but did he shift resources or started launching the business ?
He took a risk and did something , but did he started the business ?
He took a risk and did something , but did he shift resources or started the business successfully ?
His hamburgers were not a new idea , and he applied new techniques , resource allocations , and organizational methods in his venture .
His hamburgers were not a new idea , and he applied new techniques , resource apportion , and organizational methods in his venture .
His hamburgers were not a new idea , and he applied new techniques , resource allocations , and organizational ways in his venture .
His hamburgers were not a new idea , and he applied new techniques , resource allocations , and organizational approaches in his venture .
His hamburgers were not a new idea , and he applied new techniques , resource allocations , and organizational methods
His hamburgers were not a new idea , and he apparently applied new techniques , resource allocations , and organizational methods in his venture .
Ray Kroc upgraded the productivity and yield from the resources applying to create his fast-food chain .
Ray Kroc upgraded the productivity and yield from the resources applying to set up his fast-food chain .
Ray Kroc upgraded the productivity and yield from the resources applying to establish his fast-food chain .
Ray Kroc upgraded the productivity and yield from the resources applying to produce his fast-food chain .
Ray Kroc upgraded the productivity from the resources applying to create his fast-food chain .
All in all, Ray Kroc upgraded the productivity and yield from the resources applying to create his fast-food chain .
Entrepreneurs exhibit similar behaviors , since searching for a specific personality pattern is very difficult .
Entrepreneurs appear similar behaviors , since searching for a specific personality pattern is very difficult .
Entrepreneurs exhibit similar behaviors , since seeking for a specific personality pattern is very difficult .
Entrepreneurs exhibit similar behaviors , since looking for a specific personality pattern is very difficult .
Entrepreneurs exhibit similar behaviors , since searching for a specific personality pattern is difficult .
Entrepreneurs exhibit similar behaviors , since searching for a specific personality pattern is a very difficult investigation .
At the other hand , some are brash , extroverted , and very emotional .
At the other hand , some are uncourteous , extroverted , and very emotional .
At the other hand , some are brash , exoscopic , and very emotional .
At the other hand , some are brash , extroverted , and very sentimental .
At the other hand , some are unmannerly , extroverted , and very emotional .
At the other hand , some are brash , extroverted , and emotional .
Viewing change as the norm , entrepreneurs usually search for it , respond to it , and treat it as opportunity .
Considering change as the norm , entrepreneurs usually search for it , respond to it , and treat it as opportunity .
Viewing change as the norm , entrepreneurs usually seek it , respond to it , and treat it as opportunity .
Viewing change as the norm , entrepreneurs usually search for it , respond to it , and regard it as opportunity .
Viewing change as the norm , entrepreneurs usually search for it , respond to it , and treat it as opportunity to set up on their own .
Viewing change as the norm , entrepreneurs search for it , respond to it , and treat it as opportunity .
Then as industrialization became increasingly complicated , the craft techniques of preindustrial society gradually gave to a technology based on the systematic application of scientific knowledge and science methods .
Then as industrialization became increasingly complicated , the craft techniques of preindustrial society increasingly gave to a technology based on the systematic application of scientific knowledge and science methods .
Then as industrialization became increasingly complicated , the craft techniques of preindustrial society gradually gave to a technology on account of the systematic application of scientific knowledge and science methods .
Then as industrialization became increasingly complicated , the craft techniques of preindustrial society gradually gave to a technology based on the systematic application of scientific knowledge and science approaches .
Then as industrialization became increasingly complicated , the craft techniques of preindustrial society gave to a technology based on the systematic application of scientific knowledge and science methods .
Then as industrialization became increasingly complicated and large-scaled, the craft techniques of preindustrial society gradually gave to a technology based on the systematic application of scientific knowledge and science methods .
This changeover started slowly and progressed evenly .
This transformation started slowly and progressed evenly .
This convert started slowly and progressed evenly , but it's all normal .
This changeover started tardily and progressed evenly .
This changeover started slowly and evolved evenly .
This changeover started and progressed evenly .
Until late in the nineteenth century , only a few industries could use scientific techniques or cared of using them .
Until late in the nineteenth century , only a few industries could take advantage of scientific techniques or cared of using them .
Until late in the nineteenth century , only a few industries could utilize scientific techniques or cared of using them .
Until late in the nineteenth century , only a few industries could use scientific techniques or concerned of using them .
Until the nineteenth century , only a few industries could use scientific techniques or cared of using them .
Until late in the nineteenth century , only a few industries could use scientific techniques or cared of using them in a proper way .
The widespread and usual uncritical acceptance of this thesis led in turn to the assumption that the application of science with industrial purposes was a linear process , starting with fundamental science , then proceeding to applying science or technology , and through them to industrial use .
The widespread and usual uncritical acceptance of this thesis led in turn to the assumption that the application of science with industrial purposes was a linear process , starting with fundamental science , then proceeding to applying science or technology , and through them to industrial use .
The widespread and usual uncritical acceptance of this thesis led in turn to the conception that the application of science with industrial purposes was a linear process , starting with fundamental science , then proceeding to applying science or technology , and through them to industrial use .
The widespread and usual uncritical acceptance of this thesis led in turn to the assumption that the application of science with industrial purposes was a linear process , starting with fundamental science , then proceeding to applying science or technology , and through it to industrial use .
The widespread and usual uncritical acceptance of this thesis led in turn to the assumption that the application of science with industrial purposes was a linear process , beginning with fundamental science , then proceeding to applying science or technology , and through them to industrial use .
The widespread and usual uncritical acceptance of this thesis led in turn to the assumption that the application of science with industrial purposes was a linear and time-consuming process , starting with fundamental science , then proceeding to applying science or technology , and through them to industrial use .
New areas of science have opened up and fundamental discoveries made as a result of attempts to solve a specific technical or economic problem .
New areas of science have opened up and fundamental discoveries made as a result of attempts to address a specific technical or economic issue .
New areas of science have opened up and significant discoveries made as a result of attempts to solve a specific technical or economic problem .
New areas of science have opened up and fundamental discoveries made as a result of attempts to solve a practical technical or economic problem .
New areas of science have opened up and fundamental discoveries made as a result of attempts to solve different kinds of problems .
As is stated, New areas of science have opened up and fundamental discoveries made as a result of attempts to solve a specific technical or economic problem .
In sum , the science-technology-industry relationship may flow in several different way , and the particular channel it will follow depends on the individual situation .
In sum , the science-technology-industry relationship may flow in a variety of way , and the particular channel it will follow depends on the individual situation .
In sum , the science-technology-industry relationship can flow in several different way , and the particular channel it will follow depends on the individual situation .
In sum , the science-technology-industry relationship may flow in several different way , and the specific channel it will follow depends on the individual situation .
In sum , the science-technology-industry relationship may flow in several different way , and the particular channel it will follow depends on the personal circumstances .
In sum , the science-technology-industry relationship may flow in several different way , and the particular channel it will follow mainly depends on the individual situation .
The ways of history are so intricate and the motivations of human actions so complex that it is always hazardous to attempt to represent events cover a number of years , a multiplicity of persons , and distant localities as the expression of one intellectual and social movement ; yet the historical process which culminates in the ascent of Thomas Jefferson to the presidency can be regarded as the outstanding example not only of the birth of a new way of life but also nationalism as a new way of life .
The ways of history are so intricate and the motivations of human actions so complex that it is always hazardous to attempt to represent events cover several years , a multiplicity of persons , and distant localities as the expression of one intellectual and social movement ; yet the historical process which culminates in the ascent of Thomas Jefferson to the presidency can be regarded as the outstanding example not only of the birth of a new way of life but also nationalism as a new way of life .
The ways of history are so intricate and the motivations of human actions so complex that it is always risky to attempt to represent events cover a number of years , a multiplicity of persons , and distant localities as the expression of one intellectual and social movement ; yet the historical process which culminates in the ascent of Thomas Jefferson to the presidency can be regarded as the outstanding example not only of the birth of a new way of life but also nationalism as a new way of life .
The ways of history are so intricate and the motivations of human actions so complex that it is always hazardous to attempt to represent events cover a number of years , a diversity of persons , and distant localities as the expression of one intellectual and social movement ; yet the historical process which culminates in the ascent of Thomas Jefferson to the presidency can be regarded as the outstanding example not only of the birth of a new way of life but also nationalism as a new way of life .
The ways of history are so intricate and the motivations of human actions so complex that it is always hazardous to attempt to represent events cover a number of years , a multiplicity of persons , and distant localities as the expression of one intellectual and social movement ; yet the historical process which culminates in the ascent of Thomas Jefferson to the presidency can be truly regarded as the outstanding example not only of the birth of a new way of life but also nationalism as a new way of life .
The ways of history are so intricate and the motivations of human actions so complex that it is always hazardous to attempt to represent events cover a number of years , a multiplicity of persons , and distant localities as the expression of one intellectual and social movement ; yet the historical process which culminates in the ascent of Thomas Jefferson to the presidency can be regarded as the outstanding example not only of the birth of a new way of life but also nationalism as a new way of life .
The American Revolution represents the link between the seventeenth century , in which modern England became conscious of itself , and the awakening of modern Europe in the end of the eighteenth century .
The American Revolution reveals the link between the seventeenth century , in which modern England became conscious of itself , and the awakening of modern Europe in the end of the eighteenth century .
The American Revolution represents the relation between the seventeenth century , in which modern England became conscious of itself , and the awakening of modern Europe in the end of the eighteenth century .
The American Revolution indirectly represents the link between the seventeenth century , in which modern England became conscious of itself , and the awakening of modern Europe in the end of the eighteenth century .
The American Revolution began in the mid-1760s represents the link between the seventeenth century , in which modern England became conscious of itself , and the awakening of modern Europe in the end of the eighteenth century .
The American Revolution represents the link between the seventeenth century , in which modern England became conscious of itself , and the awakening of modern Europe in the end of the eighteenth century .
It may seem strange that the march of history should have to cross the Atlantic Ocean , but only in the North American colonies a struggle for civic liberty lead also to the foundation of a new nation . Here , in the popular rising for a tyrannical government , the fruits were more than the securing of a free constitution .
It may seem strange that the march of history should have to travel across the Atlantic Ocean , but only in the North American colonies a struggle for civic liberty lead also to the foundation of a new nation . Here , in the popular rising for a tyrannical government , the fruits were more than the securing of a free constitution .
It may seem strange that the march of history should have to cross the Atlantic Ocean , but only in the North American colonies a bitter struggle for civic liberty lead also to the foundation of a new nation . Here , in the popular rising for a tyrannical government , the fruits were more than the securing of a free constitution .
It may seem strange that the march of history should have to cross the Atlantic Ocean , but only in the North American colonies a struggle for civic liberty lead also to the establishment of a new nation . Here , in the popular rising for a tyrannical government , the fruits were more than the securing of a free constitution .
It may seem strange that the march of history should have to cross the Atlantic Ocean , but only in the North American colonies a struggle for civic liberty lead also to the foundation of a new nation . Here , in the popular rising for an oppressive government , the fruits were more than the securing of a free constitution .
It may seem strange that the march of history should have to cross the Atlantic Ocean , but only in the North American colonies a struggle for civic liberty lead also to the foundation of a new nation . Here , in the popular rising for a tyrannical government , the fruits were more than the securing of a free constitution .
With the American nation , in the first time , a nation was born , not in the dim past of history but before the eyes of the whole world .
With the American nation , in the first time , a nation was born , not in the distant history but before the eyes of the whole world .
With the American nation , in the first time , a nation was born , not in the dim past of history but in front of everyone .
With the American nation , in the first time , a nation was brought into being , not in the dim past of history but before the eyes of the whole world .
With the American nation , in the first time , a nation was born , not in the dim past of history but before the eyes of the whole world .
With the American nation , in the first time , a nation was born unexpectedly, not in the dim past of history but before the eyes of the whole world .
This is only a tiny range compared with the low temperatures of some other planets and the hot interior of the earth , let the temperature of the sun .
It is only a tiny range compared with the low temperatures of some other planets and the hot interior of the earth , let the temperature of the sun .
This is only a very small range compared with the low temperatures of some other planets and the hot interior of the earth , let the temperature of the sun .
This is only a tiny range when compared to the low temperatures of some other planets and the hot interior of the earth , let the temperature of the sun .
This is only a tiny range compared with the low temperatures of some other planets and the hot interior of the earth , let the temperature of the sun .
This is only a tiny range compared with the low temperatures of some other planets and the hot interior of the earth , let the temperature of the sun indeed.
The earth 's supply of water probably remains quite fairly constant in quantity .
The planet 's supply of water probably remains quite fairly constant in quantity .
Maybe the earth 's supply of water remains quite fairly constant in quantity .
The earth 's supply of water probably remains quite fairly steady in quantity .
In the lagoon the water probably remains quite fairly constant in quantity .
The earth 's supply of water probably remains quite fairly constant in quantity .
A certain number of hydrogen atoms , which are one of the main constituents of water , are lost by escaping from the atmosphere to out space , but they are probably just about replaced by new water rising away from the depths of the earth during volcanic action .
A large number of hydrogen atoms , which are one of the main constituents of water , are lost by escaping from the atmosphere to out space , but they are probably just about replaced by new water rising away from the depths of the earth during volcanic action .
A certain number of hydrogen atoms , which are one of the key elements of water , are lost by escaping from the atmosphere to out space , but they are probably just about replaced by new water rising away from the depths of the earth during volcanic action .
A certain number of hydrogen atoms , which are one of the main constituents of water , are missing by escaping from the atmosphere to out space , but they are probably just about replaced by new water rising away from the depths of the earth during volcanic action .
A certain number of hydrogen atoms , which are one of the main constituents of water , are lost by escaping from the atmosphere to out space , but maybe they are just about replaced by new water rising away from the depths of the earth during volcanic action .
A certain number of hydrogen atoms , which are one of the main constituents of water , are lost by escaping from the atmosphere to out space , but they are probably just about replaced by new water rising away from the depths of the earth during volcanic action .
The total quantity of water is not known , and it is about enough to cover the surface of the globe to a depth of about two and three-quarter kms .
The total quantity of water is unknown to science , and it is about enough to cover the surface of the globe to a depth of about two and three-quarter kms .
The total quantity of water is not known , and it is sufficient to cover the surface of the globe to a depth of about two and three-quarter kms .
The total quantity of water is not known , and it is about enough to cover the surface of the globe to a depth of about two and three-quarter kms .
The total quantity of water is not known , and it is about enough to cover the surface of the planet to a depth of about two and three-quarter kms .
The total quantity of water is not known , and it is about enough to cover the surface of the globe to a certain depth of about two and three-quarter kms .
The rest is fresh , but three quarter of this is in the form of ice at the Poles and on mountains , and can not be used by living systems when melted .
The rest is fresh , but three quarter of this is in the form of ice at the Poles and on mountains , and can not be used by living systems when melted .
The rest is fresh , but three quarter of this is in the form of ice at the Poles and on mountains , and can not be used by living systems when melted .
The rest is fresh , but three quarter of this is made up of ice at the Poles and on mountains , and can not be used by living systems when melted .
The rest is fresh , but three quarter of this is in the form of ice at the Poles and on mountains , and can not be fully used by living systems when melted .
The rest is fresh , but three quarter of this is in the form of ice at the Poles and on mountains , and may not be used by living systems when melted .
Of the remaining fraction , which is somewhat fewer than 1 % of the whole , there is 10-20 times as much stored as underground water as is actually on the surface .
Of the remaining fraction , which is somewhat fewer than 1 % of the whole , there is 10-20 times as much stored as underground water as is actually on the surface .
Of the remaining fraction , which is somewhat fewer than 1 % of the whole , there is 10-20 times as much stored as underground water as covers the surface .
Of the remaining fraction , which is somewhat fewer than 1 % of the total quantity , there is 10-20 times as much stored as underground water as is actually on the surface .
Of the remaining fraction , which is somewhat fewer than 1 % of the whole , there is about 10-21 times as much stored as underground water as is actually on the surface .
Of the remaining fraction , which is somewhat fewer than 1 % of the whole , there is 10-20 times as much stored as underground water as is actually on the surface .
Well , it is difficult to answer the question as the terms we would normally use to describe a scientific phenomenon as inadequate here .
Well , it is difficult to answer the question as the terms we would normally quote to describe a scientific phenomenon as inadequate here .
Well , it is difficult to answer the question as the terms we would normally use to describe a scientific phenomenon as inappropriate here .
Well , it is difficult to answer the question as the terms we would normally use to describe a common scientific phenomenon as inadequate here .
Well , it is truly difficult to answer the question as the terms we would normally use to describe a scientific phenomenon as inadequate here .
Well , it is difficult to answer the question as the terms we would normally use to describe a scientific phenomenon as inadequate here .
Astronomers and scientists think that a black hole is a region of space which matter has fallen and from which nothing can escape even light .
Astronomers and scientists think that a black hole is a region of space which matter has fallen and from which nothing can escape even light .
Astronomers and scientists find that a black hole is a region of space which matter has fallen and from which nothing can escape even light .
We know that a black hole is a region of space which matter has fallen and from which nothing can escape even light .
Astronomers and scientists think that a black hole is a particular area of space which matter has fallen and from which nothing can escape even light .
Astronomers and scientists from the whole world think that a black hole is a region of space which matter has fallen and from which nothing can escape even light .
It is only space or thus we think . How can this happen ?
It is only space or thus we believe . How can this happen ?
It is just space or thus we think . How can this happen ?
It is only space or thus we think . How is this possible ?
It is only space or thus we think . We don't know how this happened .
It is only space or thus we think . How can this happen in front of all human being?
The collapse of a star may produce a White Dwarf of a neutronstar a star which matter is so dense that if continually shrinks by the force of its own gravity .
The collapse of a star probably produces a White Dwarf of a neutronstar a star which matter is so dense that if continually shrinks by the force of its own gravity .
A dying star may produce a White Dwarf of a neutronstar a star which matter is so dense that if continually shrinks by the force of its own gravity .
The collapse of a star may produce a White Dwarf of a neutronstar a star which matter is so dense that if continually shrinks by the force of its own gravity .
The collapse of a star may create a White Dwarf of a neutronstar a star which matter is so dense that if continually shrinks by the force of its own gravity .
The entire collapse of a star may produce a White Dwarf of a neutronstar a star which matter is so dense that if continually shrinks by the force of its own gravity .
Even if the star is very large , this process of shrinking maybe so intense that a black hole results .
Even if the star is very large , it will shrink further to become a black hole .
Even if the star is too large, this process of shrinking maybe so intense that a black hole results .
Even if the star is very large , this process of shrinking may produce a black hole .
Even if the star is very large , this process of shrinking maybe so intense that a black hole results and changes over time.
Even if the star is very large , this process of shrinking maybe so intense that a black hole results .
Imagine the earth reduced to the size of a marble , but still having the same masses and a stronger gravitational pull , and you have some idea of the force of a black hole .
Imagine the earth shrank to the size of a marble , but still having the same masses and a stronger gravitational pull , and you have some idea of the force of a black hole .
Imagine the earth reduced to the size of an apple , but still having the same masses and a stronger gravitational pull , and you have some idea of the force of a black hole .
Imagine the earth reduced to the size of a marble , but still having the same masses and a more powerful gravitational pull , and you have some idea of the force of a black hole .
Imagine the earth reduced to the size of a marble , but still having the same masses and a stronger gravitational pull , and you may have some idea of the force of a black hole .
Imagine the earth reduced to the size of a marble , but still having the same masses and a stronger gravitational pull , and you have some idea of the force of a black hole .
And no matter near the black hole is sucked in .
As we know , no matter near the black hole is sucked in .
And no matter which gets close to the black hole is sucked in .
And no matter near the black hole is absorbed in .
And no matter near the black hole is drawn in .
And anything no matter near the black hole is sucked in .
There is absolutely not difference in the chemical structure of the nature vitamin C and the chemical structure of the synthetic vitamin C .
There is nearly not difference in the chemical structure of the nature vitamin C and the chemical structure of the synthetic vitamin C .
There is absolutely not difference in the chemical makeup of the nature vitamin C and the chemical makeup of the synthetic vitamin C .
There is absolutely not difference in the chemical structure of the nature vitamin C and the chemical structure of the synthetic vitamin C .
There is absolutely not difference in the chemical structure of the nature fiber and the chemical structure of the synthetic fiber .
There is absolutely not difference in the chemical structure of the nature vitamin C and the chemical structure of the synthetic vitamin C as well as its function .
Also , while most substances are harmless at very low level of intake , all substance even the elements that are essential to life can be dangerous if you overdo them .
Also , while most substances are harmless to us at very low level of intake , all substance even the elements that are essential to life can be dangerous if you overdo them .
Also , while most substances are harmless at very low level of intake , all substance even the elements that are essential to life can be dangerous if you overdo them .
Also , while most substances are harmless at very low level of intake , all substance even the elements that are vital to life can be dangerous if you overdo them .
Also , while most substances are harmless at very low level of intake , all substance even the elements that are crucial to life can be dangerous if you take too much of them .
Also while most substances are harmless at very low level of intake , all substance even the elements that are essential to life can be dangerous if you overdo them over a short period .
Some people argue that individuals vary greatly in their need for nutrients , it can not necessarily be stated any given amount is too much ; that is all relative .
A lot of people argue that individuals vary greatly in their need for nutrients , it can not necessarily be stated any given amount is too much ; that is all relative .
Some people argue that individuals vary greatly in their need for nutrients , it may not necessarily be stated any given amount is too much ; that is all relative .
Some people argue that individuals vary considerably in their need for nutrients , it can not necessarily be stated any given amount is too much ; that is all relative .
Some people argue that individuals vary greatly in their need for nutrients , it can not necessarily be stated any given amount is too much ; that is all relative .
Some people argue that individuals vary greatly in their need for nutrients , it can not necessarily be stated any given amount is too much ; that is all relative and sometimes depends on circumstances .
But since there is little solid information on what is the optimal intake of any essential nutrient in healthy individuals , it would be impossible to give guidelines that take these proportional needs into the account .
But since there is little solid information on what is the optimal intake of any essential nutrient in healthy individuals , it would be impossible to give guidelines that take these proportional needs into the account .
But since there is little solid information on what is the appropriate intake of any essential nutrient in healthy individuals , it would be impossible to give guidelines that take these proportional needs into the account .
But since there is little solid information on what is the optimal intake of any essential nutrient in healthy people , it would be impossible to give guidelines that take these proportional needs into the account .
But since there is little solid information on what is the optimal intake of any essential nutrient in healthy individuals , it might be impossible to give guidelines that take these proportional needs into the account .
But since there is little solid information on what is the optimal intake of any essential nutrient in healthy individuals , it would be impossible to give some accurate guidelines that take these proportional needs into the account .
Just as with other drugs , the relation to different vitamin dosages varies , with some people better able than others to tolerate large amounts .
Just as with other drugs , the relation to different vitamin dosages differs , with some people better able than others to tolerate large amounts .
Just as with other drugs , the relation to different vitamin dosages varies , with some dogs better able than others to tolerate large amounts .
Just as with other OTC drugs , the relation to different vitamin dosages varies , with some people better able than others to tolerate large amounts .
Just as with other drugs , the relation to different vitamin dosages varies , with some old people better able than others to tolerate large amounts .
Just as with other drugs , the relation to different vitamin dosages varies , with some people better able than others to tolerate large amounts .
While we do know that very specifically what the toxic level is for vitamins A and D , we are far less sure about vitamin E , even though it , too , is fat-soluble , and we still do n't understand the water-soluble vitamin , the C and the B groups , which the body ca n't store .
While we do know that very specifically what the toxic level is for vitamins A and D , we are far less sure about vitamin E , even though it , too , is fat-soluble , and we still do n't understand the water-soluble vitamin , the C and the B groups , which the body ca n't store .
While we do know that very specifically what the toxic level is for vitamins A and D , we are far less sure about vitamin E , even though it , too , is fat-soluble , and we still do n't understand the water-soluble vitamin , the C and the B groups , which our body ca n't store .
While we do know that very specifically what the toxic level is for vitamins A and D , we are not sure about vitamin E , even though it , too , is fat-soluble , and we still do n't understand the water-soluble vitamin , the C and the B groups , which the body ca n't store .
While we do know that very specifically what the toxic level is for vitamins A and D , we are far less sure about vitamin E , even though it , too , is fat-soluble , and we still know nothing about the water-soluble vitamin , the C and the B groups , which the body ca n't store .
While we do know that very specifically what the toxic level is for vitamins A and D , we are far less sure about vitamin E , even though it , too , is fat-soluble , and we still do n't understand the water-soluble vitamin , the C and the B groups , which the body can't store and change into other things .
The great whales are among the most fascinating creatures which have ever lived on the earth , and one of which , the blue whale , is the largest .
The great whales are among the most fascinating animals which have ever lived on the earth , and one of which , the blue whale , is the largest .
The great whales are among the most fascinating creatures which have ever lived on our planet , and one of which , the blue whale , is the largest .
The great whales are among the most fascinating creatures which have ever lived on the earth , and one of which , the blue whale , is the biggest .
The great whales are among the most fascinating creatures which have ever lived on the earth , and one of which , the blue whale , is the largest in its species.
The great whales are among the most fascinating creatures which have ever lived on the earth , and one of which , the blue whale , is the largest .
So to hunt a whale , when one occasionally swam toward shore , he was high adventure .
So to hunt a whale , when one sometimes swam toward shore , he was high adventure .
So to hunt a shark , when one occasionally swam toward shore , he was high adventure .
So to hunt a whale , when one occasionally swam toward a rocky shore , he was high adventure .
So to hunt a whale , when one occasionally swims toward shore , he is high adventure .
So to hunt a whale , when one occasionally swam toward shore , he was high adventure .
People found the adventure was rewarding , too , the oil and meat from one whale alone could heat and feed a village for a whole winter .
People found the adventure was profitable , too , the oil and meat from one whale alone could heat and feed a village for a whole winter .
People found the adventure was rewarding , too , the oil and meat from a whale could heat and feed a village for a whole winter .
People found the adventure was rewarding , too , the oil and meat from one whale alone could heat and feed a small town for a whole winter .
People also found the adventure was rewarding , the oil and meat from one whale alone could heat and feed a village for a whole winter .
People found the adventure was rewarding , too , the oil and meat from one whale alone could heat and feed a village for a whole winter .
They were referred to by the ancients as great fish , and any whale beached along the coasts of England was designated the King 's fish because it automatically belonged to the Crown .
They were referred to by the ancients as great fish , and any whale beached along the coasts of England was designated the King 's fish because it automatically belonged to the King .
They were referred to by the ancients as great fish , and any whale beached along the coasts of England was regarded as the King 's fish because it automatically belonged to the Crown .
They were referred to by the ancients as rare fish , and any whale beached along the coasts of England was designated the King 's fish because it automatically belonged to the Crown .
They were referred to by the ancients as great fish , and any whale beached along the coasts of England was designated the King 's fish because it was automatically owned by the Crown .
They, the vast fish, were referred to by the ancients as great fish , and any whale beached along the coasts of England was designated the King 's fish because it automatically belonged to the Crown .
Ever since those early times , human have felt for whales a sense of wonder mixed with an intense desire to capture , slaughter , and exploit .
Ever since those early times , human have felt for whales a sense of wonder mixed with an intense desire to catch , slaughter , and exploit .
Ever since ancient times , human have felt for whales a sense of wonder mixed with an intense desire to capture , slaughter , and exploit .
Ever since those early times , human have felt for whales a sense of wonder mixed with a strong desire to capture , slaughter , and exploit .
Ever since those early times , human have felt for whales a sense of wonder mixed with an intense desire to capture , slaughter , and exploit .
Ever since those early times , human in England have felt for whales a sense of wonder mixed with an intense desire to capture , slaughter , and exploit .
Even though some species are protected by the regulations of the International Whaling Commission and theoretical all whale hunting is regulated , the earth 's stock of whales is still being depleted .
Even though many species are protected by the regulations of the International Whaling Commission and theoretical all whale hunting is regulated , the earth 's stock of whales is still being depleted .
Even though some species are protected by the regulations of the International Whaling Commission and theoretical all whale hunting is regulated , the planet 's stock of whales is still being depleted .
Even though some species are protected by the regulations of the International Whaling Commission and theoretical all whale hunting is regulated , the earth 's stock of whales is still severely being depleted .
Even though some species are protected by the regulations of the International Whaling Commission and theoretical all whale hunting is regulated , the earth 's stock of whales is still decreasing .
Even though some species are protected by the regulations of the International Whaling Commission and theoretical all whale hunting is regulated , the earth 's stock of whales is still being depleted .
In fact , some scientists worry that 100 years since now there may be no whales left .
Actually, some scientists worry that 100 years since now there may be no whales left .
In fact , It concerns some scientists that 100 years since now there may be no whales left .
In fact , some scientists worry that 100 years since now there may be no whales left on earth .
In fact , a lot of scientists worry that 101 years since now there may be no whales left .
In fact , some scientists worry that 100 years since now there will be no whales left .
If this happens , mankind will be blame for removing from the earth forever a remarkable and awe-inspiring creature that has always feed man 's imagination and made the world a more exciting place .
If this happens , mankind will be blame for removing from the earth forever a remarkable and awe-inspiring creature that has often feed man 's imagination and made the world a more exciting place .
If this happens , mankind will be blame for removing from the earth forever a wonderful creature that has always feed man 's imagination and made the world a more exciting place .
If this happens , mankind will be blame for eliminating from the earth forever a remarkable and awe-inspiring creature that has always feed man 's imagination and made the world a more exciting place .
If this happens , mankind will be blame for removing from the earth forever a remarkable and awe-inspiring creature that has always feed man 's imagination and made the world a more exciting and lifesome place .
If this happens , mankind will be blame for removing from the earth forever a remarkable and awe-inspiring creature that has always feed man 's imagination and made the world a more exciting place .
Because the air in the country is really clean , we ought to live there much as possible .
Because the air in the city is really clean , we ought to live there much as possible .
Because the air in the country is really clean , we had better live there much as possible .
Because the air in the country is really fresh , we ought to live there much as possible .
Because the air in the country is really clean , we ought to live there with our family much as possible .
Because the air in the country is really clean , we ought to live there much as possible .
Since , however , a great deal of the world 's work must be done indoor in cities , it is important that we take every precaution to ventilate our houses properly .
Since , however , a lot of the world 's work must be done indoor in cities , it is important that we take every precaution to ventilate our houses properly .
Since , however , a great deal of the world 's work must be done indoor in cities , it is important that we take every precaution to ventilate our houses properly .
Since , however , a great deal of the world 's work is always done indoor in cities , it is important that we take every precaution to ventilate our houses properly .
Since , however , a great deal of the world 's work must be done indoor in cities , it is very important that we take every precaution to ventilate our houses properly .
Since , however , a great deal of the world 's work must be done indoor in cities , it is important that we take every precaution to ventilate our houses correctly .
But careful study shows that night air is identical with which we breath during the day .
But careful study suggests that night air is identical with which we breath during the day .
But careful study shows that night air is identical with which we breath during the day .
According to a recent study , night air is identical with which we breath during the day .
But careful study proves that night air is identical with which we breath during the day .
But careful study shows that night air is identical with which we breath during the day in quality.
In fact the proper ventilation of a bedroom is one of the first necessity for good health .
In fact the ventilation system of a bedroom is one of the first necessity for good health .
In fact the proper ventilation of a living room is one of the first necessity for good health .
In fact the proper ventilation of a bedroom is one of the first necessity for our health .
Actually the proper ventilation of a bedroom is one of the first necessity for good health .
In fact the proper ventilation of a bedroom and a rest room is one of the first necessity for good health .
Therefore it is better to open a window both at the top to let the warm up air out and also at the bottom to admit the fresh air in .
Therefore it is inconvenient to open a window both at the top to let the warm up air out and also at the bottom to admit the fresh air in .
Therefore it is better to open a window both at the top to let the warm up air out and also at the bottom to admit the cold air in .
Therefore it is better to open a window both at the top to let the warm up air out and also at the bottom to admit the air from the outside in .
I think it is better to open a window both at the top to let the warm up air out and also at the bottom to admit the fresh air in .
Therefore it is better for us to open a window both at the top to let the warm up air out and also at the bottom to admit the fresh air in .
In many places it is feasible to sleep out-of-the-doors on a sleeping porch and so to secure perfect ventilation .
In many places it is practicable to sleep out-of-the-doors on a sleeping porch and so to secure perfect ventilation .
In many places it is feasible to sleep out-of-the-doors on a sleeping porch and so to acquire perfect ventilation .
In many places it is feasible to sleep out-of-the-doors on a sleeping porch and so to secure best ventilation .
A study shows that it is feasible to sleep out-of-the-doors on a sleeping porch and so to secure perfect ventilation .
In many public places it is feasible to sleep out-of-the-doors on a sleeping porch and so to secure perfect ventilation .
In recent years we have seen steady progress made in the development of equipments to supply proper conditioned air not only in large auditoriums , class-rooms , and factories , but also in railroad trains and in private homes .
Since 1980s we have seen steady progress made in the development of equipments to supply proper conditioned air not only in large auditoriums , class-rooms , and factories , but also in railroad trains and in private homes .
In recent years we have seen steady progress made in the development of equipments to provide proper conditioned air not only in large auditoriums , class-rooms , and factories , but also in railroad trains and in private homes .
In recent years we have seen steady progress made in the development of equipments to supply proper conditioned air not only in large auditoriums , class-rooms , and factories , but also in railroad trains and in private homes .
In recent years we have seen steady progress made in the development of equipments to supply proper conditioned air not only in large auditoriums , class-rooms , and factories , but also in railroad trains and in private homes .
In recent years we have seen steady progress made in the development of equipments to supply proper conditioned air not only in large auditoriums , class-rooms , coffee shops, and factories , but also in railroad trains and in private homes .
This equipment cleans the air off dust , keeps the temperature comfortable , holds the humidity at the right pointand keeps the air in the motion .
This equipment cleans the air off dust , keeps the temperature appropriate , holds the humidity at the right pointand keeps the air in the motion .
This equipment cleans the air off dust , maintains a constant outdoor temperature, holds the humidity at the right pointand keeps the air in the motion .
This equipment can clean the air off dust , keep the temperature comfortable , hold the humidity at the right pointand keep the air in the motion .
This new equipment cleans the air off dust , keeps the temperature comfortable , holds the humidity at the right pointand keeps the air in the motion .
This equipment cleans the air off dust , keeps the temperature comfortable , holds the humidity at the right point and keeps the air in the motion .
Fear and its companion pain are two of the most useful thing that men and animals possess , if they are properly used .
Fear and its companion pain are two of the most useful thing that we and animals possess , if they are properly used .
Fear and its companion pain are two of the most useful thing that men and animals possess , if they are properly used .
Love and hope are two of the most wonderful thing that men and animals possess , if they are properly expressed .
Fear and its companion pain are two of the most useful thing that men and animals possess , if they are properly used .
Fear and its companion pain are two of the most useful thing that men and animals possess , if they are properly used in dangerous situation .
If fire did not hurt when it burn , children would play with it until their hands were burnt away .
If fire in that grate did not hurt when it burn , children would play with it until their hands were burnt away .
If fire did not hurt when it burn , I would play with it until my hands were burnt away .
If fire did not hurt when it burn , children would play with it until their hair were burnt away .
If fire did not hurt when it burn , children would still play with it until their hands were burnt away .
If fire did not hurt when it burn , children would play with it until their hands were burnt away .
Similarly , if pain existed but fear did not , a child would burn itself again and again , because fear would not warn it to keep away the fire that had burnt it before . A really fearless soldier and some do exist is not a good soldier so he is soon killed , and a dead soldier is of no use to his army .
Additionally , if pain existed but fear did not , a child would burn itself again and again , because fear would not warn it to keep away the fire that had burnt it before . A really fearless soldier and some do exist is not a good soldier so he is soon killed , and a dead soldier is of no use to his army .
Similarly , if pain existed but fear did not , a kid would burn itself again and again , because fear would not warn it to keep away the fire that had burnt it before . A really fearless soldier and some do exist is not a good soldier so he is soon killed , and a dead soldier is of no use to his army .
Similarly , if pain existed but fear did not , a child would burn itself again and again , because fear would not warn it to keep away the fire that had burnt it before . A really dauntless soldier and some do exist is not a good soldier so he is soon killed , and a dead soldier is of no use to his army .
Similarly , if pain existed but fear did not , a child would burn itself again and again , because fear would not warn it to keep away the fire that had burnt it before . A really fearless soldier and some do exist is not a great soldier so he is soon killed , and a dead soldier is of no use to his army .
Similarly , if pain existed but fear did not , a child would burn itself again and again , because fear would not warn it to keep away the fire that had burnt it before . A really fearless soldier and some do exist is not a good soldier so he is soon killed , and a dead soldier is of no use to his army .
Fear and pain are therefore two guards with which men and animals might soon die out .
Fear and pain are therefore two guards with which men and animals might soon die out .
Fear and pain are therefore two guards with which humans might soon die out .
Fear and pain are therefore two security guards with which men and animals might soon die out .
Fear and pain are therefore two guards with which men and animals may become extinct .
Fear and pain are therefore two guards with which men and animals might die out in the near future .
In our first sentence we suggested that fear ought to be properly used . If , for example , you never go out of your house because the danger of being knocked down and killed in the street by a car , you are letting fear rule you too much .
In our first sentence we suggested that fear ought to be appropriately used . If , for example , you never go out of your house because the danger of being knocked down and killed in the street by a car , you are letting fear rule you too much .
In our first sentence we suggested that fear ought to be properly used . If , for example , you never go out of your house because the danger of being knocked down and killed on the street by a car , you are letting fear rule you too much .
In our first sentence we suggested that fear ought to be properly used . If , for example , you never go out of your house because the potential danger of being knocked down and killed in the street by a car , you are letting fear rule you too much .
In our first sentence we suggested that fear ought to be properly used and treated. If , for example , you never go out of your house because the danger of being knocked down and killed in the street by a car , you are letting fear rule you too much .
In our first sentence we suggested that fear ought to be properly used . If , for example , you never go out of your house because the danger of being knocked down and killed in the street by a car , you are letting fear rule you too much .
Even in your house you are not absolute safe : an airplane may crash on your house , or ants may eat away some of the beams in your roof so that the later falls on you , or you may get cancer !
Even in your house you are not absolute safe : an airplane may crash on your house , or ants may eat away some of the beams in your roof so that the later falls on you , or you may get cancer !
Even in your house you are not absolute safe : an airplane may crash on your house , or high winds may destroy some of the beams in your roof so that the later falls on you , or you may get cancer !
Even in your house you are not absolute safe : an airplane may crash on your house , or ants may eat away some of the beams in your roof so that the later falls on you , or you may get a mysterious illness !
Even in your house you are not absolute safe : an airplane may crash on your house , or ants may eat away some of the beams in your roof so that the later falls on you , or you may be killed by robbers !
Even in your house you are not absolute safe : an airplane may crash on your house , or ants may eat away some of the beams in your roof so that the later falls on you , or you may be hit on the road, or you may get cancer !
The important thing is not let fear rule you , but instead to use fear as your servant and guide .
The most important thing is not let fear rule you , but instead to use fear as your servant and guide .
The important thing is not let fear rule you , but instead to use fear as your weapon .
The important thing is not make fear rule you , but instead to use fear as your servant and guide .
The important thing is not let fear rule you , but instead to regard fear as your servant and guide .
The important thing is not let fear rule you , but instead to use fear as your servant and guide .
Fear will warn you of dangers ; then you have to decide what action to make .
Fear can warn you of dangers ; then you have to decide what action to make .
Fear will warn you of potential dangers ; then you have to decide what action to make .
Fear will warn you of dangers ; then you need to decide what action to make .
Fear will warn you of dangers ; then you have to decide what action you should make .
Fear will warn you of dangers ; then you have to decide what action to make .
Most people would describe water as colorless liquid .
Some students would describe water as colorless liquid .
Many people would describe water as colorless liquid .
Most people may describe water as colorless liquid .
Most people would describe water as colorless liquid .
Most people would normally describe water as colorless liquid .
They would know that in very cold conditions it becomes a solid called ice and that when heating on a fire it becomes a vapor called steam .
They would not know that in very cold conditions it becomes a solid called ice and that when heating on a fire it becomes a vapor called steam .
They would know that in very cold conditions this substance becomes a solid called ice and that when heating on a fire it becomes a vapor called steam .
Maybe they would know that in very cold conditions it becomes a solid called ice and that when heating on a fire it becomes a vapor called steam .
They would know that in very cold conditions it becomes a solid called ice and that when heating on a fire it becomes a vapour called steam .
They would know that in very cold conditions it becomes a solid called ice and that when heating on a fire it becomes a vapor called steam .
However , water , they would say , is a liquid . We have learned that water consists of molecules composed with two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen , which we describe by the formula H2O .
However , water exists as a liquid . We have learned that water consists of molecules composed with two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen , which we describe by the formula H2O .
However , water , they would say , is a liquid . We have learned that water is made up of molecules composed with two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen , which we describe by the formula H2O .
However , water , they would say , is a liquid . We have known that water consists of molecules composed with two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen , which we describe by the formula H2O .
However , water , they would say , is a liquid . It is widely known that water consists of molecules composed with two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen , which we describe by the formula H2O .
However , water , they would say , is a liquid . We have learned that water consists of molecules composed with two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen , which we describe by the chemical formula H2O .
Chemically there is no difference between the gas , the liquid , and the solid , all of which is made up of molecules with the formula H2O .
Chemically there is no difference between the gas , the liquid , and the solid . All of them is made up of molecules with the formula H2O .
Chemically there is no difference between the gas , the liquid , and the solid , all of which is made up of molecules with the formula for water .
Chemically there is no distinction between the gas , the liquid , and the solid , all of which is made up of molecules with the formula H2O .
Essentially there is no difference between the gas , the liquid , and the solid , all of which is made up of molecules with the formula H2O .
Chemically there is no essential difference between the gas , the liquid , and the solid , all of which is made up of molecules with the formula H2O .
This is true of other chemical substances ; most of which can exist as gases or as liquids or as solids .
This is true of other chemical substances ; A large number of which can exist as gases or as liquids or as solids .
This is true of other chemical substances ; most of which can exist as gases or as liquids or as solids .
This may be true of other chemical substances ; most of which can exist as gases or as liquids or as solids .
This is true of other chemical substances ; most of which are able to exist as gases or as liquids or as solids .
This is undoubtedly true of other chemical substances ; most of which can exist as gases or as liquids or as solids .
Nothing very permanent occurs when a gas changes into a liquid or a solid . Everyone knows that icewhich has been made by freezing water , can be melted again by warmed and that steam can be condensed on a cold surface to become liquid water .
Nothing steady occurs when a gas changes into a liquid or a solid . Everyone knows that icewhich has been made by freezing water , can be melted again by warmed and that steam can be condensed on a cold surface to become liquid water .
Nothing very permanent occurs when a gas changes into a liquid or a solid . Everyone knows that icewhich has been producted by freezing water , can be melted again by warmed and that steam can be condensed on a cold surface to become liquid water .
Nothing very permanent occurs when a gas changes into a liquid or a solid . Everyone knows that icewhich has been made by freezing water , can be melted again by heated and that steam can be condensed on a cold surface to become liquid water .
Nothing very permanent occurs when a gas changes into a liquid or a solid . Everyone knows that ice, a form of H2O, which has been made by freezing water , can be melted again by warmed and that steam can be condensed on a cold surface to become liquid water .
Nothing very permanent occurs when a gas changes into a liquid or a solid . Everyone knows that ice which has been made by freezing water , can be melted again by warmed and that steam can be condensed on a cold surface to become liquid water .
In fact , it is mere because water is such a familiar substance that different names are used for the solid , liquid and gas .
In fact , it is mere because water is such a well-known substance that different names are used for the solid , liquid and gas .
In fact , it is mere because water is such a very familiar substance that different names are used for the solid , liquid and gas .
Actually, it is mere because water is such a familiar substance that different names are used for the solid , liquid and gas .
In fact , it is mere because water is such a familiar substance that different names are used for its different states .
In fact , it is mere because water is such a familiar substance that distinctly different names are used for the solid , liquid and gas .
Most substances are only familiar with us in one state , because the temperatures requiring to turn them into gases are very high , or the temperatures necessarily to turn them into solids are so low .
Most substances are just familiar with us in one state , because the temperatures requiring to turn them into gases are very high , or the temperatures necessarily to turn them into solids are so low .
Most substances are only familiar with us in one state , because the temperatures requiring to turn them into gases are so high , or the temperatures necessarily to turn them into solids are so low .
Most substances are only familiar with people in one state , because the temperatures requiring to turn them into gases are very high , or the temperatures necessarily to turn them into solids are so low .
Most substances are only familiar with us in one state , because the temperatures requiring to turn them into gases are very high , or conversely, the temperatures necessarily to turn them into solids are so low .
Most substances are only familiar with us in one state , because the temperatures requiring to turn them into gases are very high , or the temperatures necessarily to turn them into solids are so low .
All foods are made up of chemical substance which undergoes chemical changes when cooking in an oven or digested within the body .
All foods are composed of chemical substance which undergoes chemical changes when cooking in an oven or digested within the body .
All foods are made up of chemical substance which has chemical changes when cooking in an oven or digested within the body .
All foods are made up of chemical substance which undergoes chemical changes when cooking in a microwave oven or digested within the body .
All foods are made up of chemical substance which undergoes chemical changes when cooking in an oven or digested within the body,the stomach actually .
All foods are made up of chemical substance which undergoes chemical changes when cooking in an oven or digested within the body .
The cooking of meat and vegetables induces chemical changes , making it more delicious ; similarly the leaving action of baking powder is a straightforward chemical change , as is the conversion of starch into sweet sugars by digestion .
The cooking of eggs and vegetables induces chemical changes , making it more delicious ; similarly the leaving action of baking powder is a straightforward chemical change , as is the conversion of starch into sweet sugars by digestion .
The cooking of meat and vegetables induces chemical changes , making it more palatable ; similarly the leaving action of baking powder is a straightforward chemical change , as is the conversion of starch into sweet sugars by digestion .
The cooking of meat and vegetables induces chemical changes , making it more delicious ; similarly the leaving action of baking powder is also a straightforward chemical change , as is the conversion of starch into sweet sugars by digestion .
The cooking of meat and vegetables induces chemical changes , making it more delicious ; similarly the leaving action of baking powder is a simple chemical change , as is the conversion of starch into sweet sugars by digestion .
The cooking of meat and vegetables induces chemical changes , changing them into new chemical substance making it more delicious ; similarly the leaving action of baking powder is a straightforward chemical change , as is the conversion of starch into sweet sugars by digestion .
Cookery is a science requiring for knowledge of chemistry .
Cookery is a science requiring for a little knowledge of chemistry .
Cookery is a special science requiring for knowledge of chemistry .
Cookery is also a science requiring for knowledge of chemistry .
Cookery is a science requiring for knowledge of art .
Cookery is a science requiring for knowledge of chemistry intuition.
This is evident from the variety of cooking products and food additives available as cooking oils , fats , colorings , sweeteners , tenderizers , flavoringsscreaming agents , preservatives , etc .
This is evident from the variety of cooking products and food additives on the market as cooking oils , fats , colorings , sweeteners , tenderizers , flavoringsscreaming agents , preservatives , etc .
This is obvious from the variety of cooking products and food additives available as cooking oils , fats , colorings , sweeteners , tenderizers , flavoringsscreaming agents , preservatives , etc .
It is evident from the variety of cooking products and food additives available as cooking oils , fats , colorings , sweeteners , tenderizers , flavoringsscreaming agents , preservatives , etc .
This is clearly evident from the variety of cooking products and food additives available as cooking oils , fats , colorings , sweeteners , tenderizers , flavoringsscreaming agents , preservatives , etc .
This is evident from the variety of cooking products and food additives available as cooking oils , fats , colorings , sweeteners , tenderizers , flavoringsscreaming agents , preservatives , etc .
Each is carefully prepared before painstaking research .
Each of them is carefully prepared before painstaking research .
Each is carefully prepared before extensive research .
We can find that each of them is carefully prepared before painstaking research .
Each material is carefully prepared before painstaking research .
Each is carefully prepared before painstaking research .
It is therefore essential for trained cookers to understand chemical science in order to appreciate the chemistry nature of foods and the changes achieving on cooking .
It is therefore essential for trained cookers to understand chemical science in order to fully comprehend the chemistry nature of foods and the changes achieving on cooking .
As a result , trained cookers must understand chemical science in order to appreciate the chemistry nature of foods and the changes achieving on cooking .
It is therefore essential for professionally-trained cookers to understand chemical science in order to appreciate the chemistry nature of foods and the changes achieving on cooking .
It is therefore essential for trained and professional cookers to understand chemical science in order to appreciate the chemistry nature of foods and the changes achieving on cooking.
It is therefore essential for trained cookers to understand chemical science in order to appreciate the chemistry nature of foods and the changes achieving on cooking .
Homeworkers should also know cleansing agents and textiles used in the home and how the latter responds to the effects of heat , light , water , and chemical cleansing agents .
Homeworkers ought to know cleansing agents and textiles used in the home and how the latter responds to the effects of heat , light , water , and chemical cleansing agents .
Homeworkers should also know some cleansing agents and textiles used in the home and how the latter responds to the effects of heat , light , water , and chemical cleansing agents .
Homeworkers should also know cleansing agents and textiles used in the home and how the latter responds to many effects of heat , light , water , and chemical cleansing agents .
We should also know cleansing agents and textiles used in the home and how the latter responds to the effects of heat , light , water , and chemical cleansing agents .
Homeworkers should also know cleansing agents and textiles used in the home and how the latter responds to the effects of heat , light , water , and chemical cleansing agents .
All social units develop a culture . Even in two-person relationshipsa culture develops in time .
All social units develop a special culture . Even in two-person relationshipsa culture develops in time .
All social units can develop a culture . Even in two-person relationshipsa culture develops in time .
All social units develop a culture . A culture develops in time even in two-person relationships .
All social units develop a culture . Even in two-person relationshipsa certain culture develops in time .
All social units develop a culture . Even in two-person relationships a culture develops in time .
In friendship and romantic relationships , for example , partners develop their own history , shared experiences , language patterns , habits and customs give that relationship a special charactera character that differs it in various ways from other relationships .
In friendship and romantic relationships , for example , partners always develop their own history , shared experiences , language patterns , habits and customs give that relationship a special charactera character that differs it in various ways from other relationships .
In friendship and romantic relationships , for example , partners make their own history , shared experiences , language patterns , habits and customs give that relationship a special charactera character that differs it in various ways from other relationships .
In friendship and romantic relationships , for example , partners develop their own history , shared experiences , language patterns , habits and customs give that relationship a particular charactera character that differs it in various ways from other relationships .
In friendship and romantic relationships , for example , partners develop their own history , shared experiences , language patterns , habits and customs give that relationship a special charactera character that differs it in a variety of ways from other relationships .
In friendship and romantic relationships , for example , partners develop their own history , shared experiences , language patterns , habits and customs give that relationship a special charactera character that differs it in various ways from other intimate relationships .
Examples might include special dates , places , songs , or events that come to have a unique and important symbolic meaning for the two individuals .
Examples might include special dates , places , songs , or events that come to have a unique and important symbolic significance for the two individuals .
Examples might include particular dates , places , songs , or events that come to have a unique and important symbolic meaning for the two individuals .
Examples might include special dates , places , songs , or events that come to have a unique and important symbolic meaning for the two people .
Examples might include special dates , places , songs ,objects or events that come to have a unique and important symbolic meaning for the two individuals .
Examples might include special dates , places , songs , or events that come to have a unique and important symbolic meaning for the two individuals .
While the defining characteristics of each culture are unique , all cultures share certain same functions .
While the defining characteristics of each culture are unique , all cultures still share certain same functions .
While the key characteristics of each culture are unique , all cultures share certain same functions .
Although the defining characteristics of each culture are unique , all cultures share certain same functions .
While the defining characteristics of each culture are unique , all cultures have certain same functions .
While the defining characteristics of each culture are unique , all cultures share certain same functions .
The relationship between communication and culture is a very complex intimate one .
The relationship between communication and culture is a very complicated intimate one .
The relationship between communication and culture is a very complex intimate one .
The relationship between communication and culture seems a very complex intimate one .
The relationship between communication and culture is an extremely complex intimate one .
The relationship between communication and the integration of culture is a very complex intimate one .
Cultures are created through communication ; that is , communication is the means of human interaction , through it cultural characteristics are created and shared .
Cultures are created through communication ; that is , communication is the traditional means of human interaction , through it cultural characteristics are created and shared .
Cultures are created through communication ; that is , communication is the means of human interaction , through it cultural characteristics are produced and shared .
All cultures are created through communication ; that is , communication is the means of human interaction , through it cultural characteristics are created and shared .
Cultures are created through communication ; that is , communication is the traditional means of human interaction , through it cultural characteristics are created and shared .
Cultures are created through communication ; that is , communication is the means of human interaction , through it cultural characteristics are created and shared .
It is not so much that individuals set out to create a culture when they interact in relationships , groups , organizations , or societies , but rather than that cultures are a natural by-product of social interaction .
It is not so much that people set out to create a culture when they interact in relationships , groups , organizations , or societies , but rather than that cultures are a natural by-product of social interaction .
It is not so much that individuals set out to create a particular culture when they interact in relationships , groups , organizations , or societies , but rather than that cultures are a natural by-product of social interaction .
It is not so much that individuals set out to create a culture when they interact in relationships , groups , organizations , or societies , but rather than that cultures are a natural result of social interaction .
It is not so much that individuals set out to create a culture when they interact in relationships , groups , organizations , or societies , but rather than that cultures are actually a natural by-product of social interaction .
It is not so much that individuals set out to create a culture when they interact in relationships , groups , organizations , or societies , but rather than that cultures are a natural by-product of social interaction .
Without communication and communication media , it would be impossible to have and pass along cultural characteristics from one place and time to another .
Without communication and communication media , it would be impossible to have and pass along cultural characteristics from one place and time to another .
Without communication and communication media , it would be absolutely impossible to have and pass along cultural characteristics from one place and time to another .
Without communication and communication media , it would be impossible to have and transmit cultural characteristics from one place and time to another .
Without communication and communication media , it must be impossible to have and pass along cultural characteristics from one place and time to another .
Without communication and communication media , it would be impossible to have and pass along cultural characteristics from one location and time to another .
One can say , furthermore , that culture is created , shaped , transmitted , and learned through communication .
One can say , furthermore , that culture is developed , shaped , transmitted , and learned through communication .
One can say , furthermore , that culture is created , formed , transmitted , and learned through communication .
One can say , furthermore , that culture is created , shaped , transmitted , and understood through communication .
One can say , furthermore , that culture is constantly created , shaped , transmitted , and learned through communication .
One can say , furthermore , that culture is created , shaped , transmitted , and learned through communication .
Looked round at the luxury of the rink , my friend 's mother remarked on the plush seats we had been given .
Looked around at the luxury of the rink , my friend 's mother remarked on the plush seats we had been given .
Looked round at the luxury of the ice rink , my friend 's mother remarked on the plush seats we had been given .
Looked round at the luxury of the rink , the young man remarked on the plush seats we had been given .
Looked round at the luxury of the skating rink , my friend 's mother remarked on the plush seats she had been given .
Looked round at the luxury of the rink , my friend 's mother remarked on the plush seats we had been given .
I did not know what she meant , and being proud of my vocabulary , I tried to infer its meaning from the context .
I did not understand what she meant , and being proud of my vocabulary , I tried to infer its meaning from the context .
I did not know what she meant , and being proud of my vocabulary , I tried to find its meaning from the context .
I did not know what she meant , and being confident of my vocabulary , I tried to infer its meaning from the context .
I did not know what she exactly meant , and being proud of my vocabulary , I tried to infer its meaning from the context .
I did not know what she meant , and being proud of my vocabulary , I tried to infer its meaning from the context .
Plush was clearly intended as a complimentary , a positive evaluation ; that much I could tell it from the tone of voice and the context .
Plush was clearly intended as a complimentary , a positive assessment ; that much I could tell it from the tone of voice and the context .
Plush was clearly intended as a complimentary , a positive evaluation ; that much I could tell it from the tone of voice and the context .
Plush was clearly intended as a complimentary , a positive evaluation ; that much I could tell it from the tone of voice and the context .
Plush was often intended as a complimentary , a positive evaluation ; that much I could tell it from the tone of voice and the context .
Plush was clearly intended as a complimentary , a positive evaluation ; that much I could tell it from the tone of voice and the context of this background.
My friend 's mother was very polite to correct me , but I could tell from her expression that I had not got the word quite right .
My friend 's mother was very polite to rectify my spelling mistake , but I could tell from her expression that I had not got the word quite right .
My friend 's mother was very polite to correct me , but I could tell from her expression that I had not got the word quite right .
My friend 's mother was very polite to correct me , but her expression told me that I had not got the word quite right .
My friend 's mother was very polite to correct me , but I could tell from her expression that I had not spelled the word correctly .
My friend 's mother was very polite to correct me , but I could tell from her expression that I had not got the word quite right and then I will correct it immediately.
Often we can indeed infer from the context what a word roughly means , and that is in fact the way which we usually acquire both new words and new meanings for familiar words , specially in our own first language .
Usually we can indeed infer from the context what a word roughly means , and that is in fact the way which we usually acquire both new words and new meanings for familiar words , specially in our own first language .
Often we can just infer from the context what a word roughly means , and that is in fact the way which we usually acquire both new words and new meanings for familiar words , specially in our own first language .
Often we can infer what a word means based on its context , and that is in fact the way which we usually acquire both new words and new meanings for familiar words , specially in our own first language .
Often we can indeed infer from the context what a word roughly means , and that is in fact the way which we usually learn both new words and new meanings for familiar words , specially in our own first language .
Often we can indeed infer from the provided context what a word roughly means , and that is in fact the way which we usually acquire both new words and new meanings for familiar words , specially in our own first language .
But sometimes we need to ask , as I should have asked for plush , and this is particularly true in the aspect of a foreign language .
But sometimes we had better ask , as I should have asked for plush , and this is particularly true in the aspect of a foreign language .
But sometimes we need to ask , as I should have asked for plush , and this is especially true in the aspect of a foreign language .
But sometimes we need to ask , as I should have asked for plush , and this is particularly essential in the aspect of a foreign language .
But sometimes we need to ask , as I should have asked for plush , and this is particularly true in the aspect of acquiring a foreign language .
But sometimes we need to ask , as I should have asked for plush , and this is particularly true in the aspect of a foreign language .
So dictionaries have been developed to mend the gap .
So dictionaries have been created to mend the gap .
So different kinds of dictionaries have been developed to mend the gap .
So this dictionary has been developed to mend the gap .
So dictionaries have been developed to facilitate learning .
So Chinese herbal medicines have been developed to mend the gap .
There is a high level of agreement that the following questions have possessed the most attention of researchers in this area : Is it possible to acquire an additional language in the same sense one acquires a first language ?
There is a high level of agreement that the following questions have possessed the most attention of researchers in this area : Is it possible to acquire an additional language in the same sense one acquires a first language ?
There is a high level of agreement that the following questions have possessed the most attention of researchers in this area : Is it possible to acquire another language in the same sense one acquires a first language ?
There is a high level of agreement that the following questions have possessed the most attention of researchers in this area : Is it possible to learn an additional language in the same sense one learns a first language ?
There is a high level of agreement that the following questions have possessed the most attention of researchers in this area : Is it possible to acquire an additional language in the same sense and depth one acquires a first language ?
There is a high level of agreement that the following questions have possessed the most attention of researchers in this area : Is it possible to acquire an additional language in the same sense one acquires a first language ?
What is the explanation for the fact adults have more difficulty in acquiring additional languages than children have ?
What is the explanation for the fact adults have a more difficult time in acquiring additional languages than children have ?
What is the explanation for the fact adults have more difficulty in learning additional languages than children have ?
What is the cause for the fact adults have more difficulty in acquiring additional languages than children have ?
What is the explanation for the fact grown-ups have more difficulty in acquiring additional languages than children have ?
What is the other explanation for the fact adults have more difficulty in acquiring additional languages than children have ?
What is the role of the language teaching in the acquisition of an additional language ?
What is the role of the language teaching in the process of learning an additional language ?
What is the effect of the language teaching in the acquisition of an additional language ?
What is the role of the language teaching in the acquisition of native language ?
What is the role of the language teaching and learning in the acquisition of an additional language ?
What is the role of the language teaching in the acquisition of an additional language ?
From a check of the literature of the field it is clear that all the approaches adopted to study the phenomena of SLA so far have one thing in common : The perspective adopted to view the acquiring of an additional language is that of an individual attempts to do so .
From a check of the literature of the field it is clear that all the approaches adopted to study the phenomena of SLA so far have a feature in common : The perspective adopted to view the acquiring of an additional language is that of an individual attempts to do so .
A review of the literature of the field reveals that all the approaches adopted to study the phenomena of SLA so far have one thing in common : The perspective adopted to view the acquiring of an additional language is that of an individual attempts to do so .
From a check of the literature of the field it is clear that all the approaches adopted to study the phenomena of SLA so far have one thing in common : The viewpoint adopted to view the acquiring of an additional language is that of an individual attempts to do so .
In sum, from a check of the literature of the field it is clear that all the approaches adopted to study the phenomena of SLA so far have one thing in common : The perspective adopted to view the acquiring of an additional language is that of an individual attempts to do so .
From a check of the literature of the field it is clear that all the approaches adopted to study the phenomena of SLA so far have one thing in common : The perspective adopted to view the acquiring of an additional language is that of an individual attempts to do so .
Whether one labels it learning or acquiring an additional language , it is an individual accomplishment or what is under focus is the cognitive , psychological , and institutional status of an individual .
Whether one labels it learning or acquiring an additional language , it is a personal accomplishment or what is under focus is the cognitive , psychological , and institutional status of an individual .
Whether one labels it learning or acquiring a second language , it is an individual accomplishment or what is under focus is the cognitive , psychological , and institutional status of an individual .
Whether one labels it learning or acquiring an additional language , it is an individual achievement or what is under focus is the cognitive , psychological , and institutional status of an individual .
Whether one labels it learning or acquiring an additional language , it is still an individual accomplishment or what is under focus is the cognitive , psychological , and institutional status of an individual .
Whether one labels it learning or acquiring an additional language , it is an individual accomplishment or what is under focus is the cognitive , psychological , and institutional status of an individual .
That is , the spotlight is on what mental capabilities are involving , what psychological factors play a role in the learning or acquisition , and whether the target language is learnt in theclassroom or acquired through social touch with native speakers .
That is , the spotlight is on what mental capabilities are involving , what psychological factors play a role in the learning or acquisition , and whether a second language is learnt in theclassroom or acquired through social touch with native speakers .
That is , the spotlight is on what mental capabilities are involving , what is the role of psychological factors play a role in the learning or acquisition , and whether the target language is learnt in theclassroom or acquired through social touch with native speakers .
That is , the focus is on what mental capabilities are involving , what psychological factors play a role in the learning or acquisition , and whether the target language is learnt in theclassroom or acquired through social touch with native speakers .
That is , the spotlight is on what mental capabilities are involving , what psychological factors play a role in the learning or acquisition , and whether the target language is learned in theclassroom or acquired through social touch with native speakers .
That is , the spotlight is on what mental capabilities are involving , what many psychological factors play a role in the learning or acquisition , and whether the target language is learnt in theclassroom or acquired through social touch with native speakers .
Psycholinguistics study understanding , production , and remembering language , and hence are concerned with listening , reading , speaking , writing , and memory for language .
Psycholinguistics study understanding , production , and memorizing language , and hence are concerned with listening , reading , speaking , writing , and memory for language .
Psycholinguistics study comprehending , production , and remembering language , and hence are concerned with listening , reading , speaking , writing , and memory for language .
Psycholinguistics study understanding , production , and remembering language , and hence are related to listening , reading , speaking , writing , and memory for language .
Psycholinguistics study understanding , production , and remembering language , and therefore are concerned with listening , reading , speaking , writing , and memory for language .
Psycholinguistics study understanding , production , and remembering language , and hence are concerned with the process of listening , reading , speaking , writing , and memory for language .
One reason why we take the language for granted is that it usually happens so effortlessly , and , most of time , so accurately .
One reason why we take the language for granted is that it always happens so effortlessly , and , most of time , so accurately .
One reason why we take the language for granted is that it usually happens so spontaneously , and , most of time , so accurately .
One reason why we take the language for granted is that it usually happens so effortlessly , and , most of time , so precisely .
One reason why we take the language for granted is that it usually happens very effortlessly , and , most of time , very accurately .
One reason why we take the language for granted is that it usually happens so effortlessly , and , most of time , no matter where, so accurately .
Indeed , when you listen to someone speaking , or looking at this page , you normally can not help but understand it .
Indeed , when you listen to someone speaking , or looking at a sentence , you normally can not help but understand it .
Indeed , when you listen to someone speaking , or looking at this page , you can easily understand it .
Indeed , when you listen to a conversation , or looking at this page , you normally can not help but understand it .
Indeed , when you listen to someone speaking , or looking at this page absorbedly , you normally can not help but understand it .
Indeed , when you listen to someone speaking , or looking at this page , you normally can not help but understand it .
It is only in exceptional circumstances we might become aware of the complexity involved : if we are searching for a word but can not remember it ; if a relative or colleague has had a stroke which has influenced their language ; if we observe a child acquire language ; if we try to learn a second language ourselves as an adult ; or if we are visually impaired or hearing-impaired or if we meet anyone else who is .
It is only in exceptional circumstances we might be aware of the complexity involved : if we are searching for a word but can not remember it ; if a relative or colleague has had a stroke which has influenced their language ; if we observe a child acquire language ; if we try to learn a second language ourselves as an adult ; or if we are visually impaired or hearing-impaired or if we meet anyone else who is .
It is only in exceptional circumstances we might become aware of the complexity involved : if we are searching for a word but can not remember it ; if a relative or friend has had a stroke which has influenced their language ; if we observe a child acquire language ; if we try to learn a second language ourselves as an adult ; or if we are visually impaired or hearing-impaired or if we meet anyone else who is .
It is only in exceptional circumstances we might become aware of the complexity involved : if we are searching for a word but can not remember it ; if a relative or colleague has had a stroke which has influenced their language ; if we observe a child acquire language ; if we try to learn a second language ourselves as an adult ; or if we are visually impaired or hearing-impaired or if we meet anyone else who is .
It is only in exceptional circumstances we might become aware of the complexity involved : if we are searching for a word but can not remember it ; if a relative or colleague has had a stroke which has influenced their language ; if we observe a child acquire language ; if we try to learn a second language ourselves as an adult ; or if we are visually impaired or hearing-impaired or if we encounter anyone else who is .
It is only in exceptional circumstances we might become aware of the complexity involved : if we are searching for a word but can not remember it ; if a relative or colleague has had a stroke which has influenced their language ; if we observe a child acquire native language ; if we try to learn a second language ourselves as an adult ; or if we are visually impaired or hearing-impaired or if we meet anyone else who is .
But given that language processes were normally so automatic , we also need to carry out careful experiments to get at what is happening .
But given that language processes were normally so automatic , we also need to conduct careful experiments to get at what is happening .
But given that language processes were normally so automatic , we also need to carry out careful experiments to see what is happening .
But given that language processes were normally so automatic , we still need to carry out careful experiments to get at what is happening .
But given that language processes were normally so automatic , we also need to carry out careful experiments to get at what is happening as a matter of fact .
But given that language processes were normally so automatic , we also need to carry out careful experiments to get at what is happening .
The argument has been going since at least the first century BC .
The argument has been going since at least the first century BC .
The debate has been going since at least the first century BC .
The argument has been going since 1980s .
Actually, the argument has been going since at least the first century BC .
The argument has still been going since at least the first century BC .
Up to the beginning of the 19th century , many writers favoured certain kind of free translation : the spirit , not the letter ; the sense not the word ; the message rather the form ; the matter not the manner .
Up to the beginning of the 19th century , many writers liked certain kind of free translation : the spirit , not the letter ; the sense not the word ; the message rather the form ; the matter not the manner .
Up to the beginning of the 20th century , many writers favoured special kind of free translation : the spirit , not the letter ; the sense not the word ; the message rather the form ; the matter not the manner .
At that time , many writers favoured certain kind of free translation : the spirit , not the letter ; the sense not the word ; the message rather the form ; the matter not the manner .
Up to the beginning of the 19th century , many writers favoured certain kind of free translation : the spirit , not the letter ; the sense not the word's meaning ; the message rather the form ; the matter not the manner .
Up to the beginning of the 19th century , many writers favoured certain kind of free translation : the spirit , not the letter ; the sense not the word ; the message rather the form ; the matter not the manner .
This is the often revolutionary slogan of writers who wanted the truth to be read and understood .
This is the often revolutionary slogan of great writers who wanted the truth to be read and understood .
This is the often revolutionary slogan of writers who expected the truth to be read and understood .
This is the often revolutionary slogan of writers who wanted the truth to be read and known .
This is the often revolutionary slogan of writers who wanted readers to understand the inconvenient truth .
This is the often revolutionary slogan of writers who wanted the truth to be read and understood .
Then in the turn of 19th century , when the study of cultural anthropology suggested that the linguistic barriers were insuperable and that the language was entirely the product of culture , the view translation was impossible gained some currency , and with it that , if was attempted at all , it must be as literal as possible .
Then in the turn of 19th century , when the study of cultural anthropology indicated that the linguistic barriers were insuperable and that the language was entirely the product of culture , the view translation was impossible gained some currency , and with it that , if was attempted at all , it must be as literal as possible .
Then in the turn of 19th century , when the study of cultural anthropology suggested that the linguistic barriers were insuperable and that the language was totally the product of culture , the view translation was impossible gained some currency , and with it that , if was attempted at all , it must be as literal as possible .
Then in the turn of 19th century , when the study of cultural anthropology suggested that the linguistic barriers were insuperable and that the language was entirely the product of culture , the opinion translation was impossible gained some currency , and with it that , if was attempted at all , it must be as literal as possible .
Then in the turn of 19th century , when the study of cultural anthropology suggested that the linguistic barriers were insuperable and that the language was entirely the product of culture , the view translation was impossible gained some currency , and with it that , if was attempted at all , it must be as literal as possibleinstead of be free.
Then in the turn of 19th century , when the study of cultural anthropology suggested that the linguistic barriers were insuperable and that the language was entirely the product of culture , the view translation was impossible gained some currency , and with it that , if was attempted at all , it must be as literal as possible .
This view culminated the statement of the extreme literalists Walter Benjamin and Vladimir Nabokov .
This viewpoint culminated the statement of the extreme literalists Walter Benjamin and Vladimir Nabokov .
This view culminated the statement of the conservative literalists Walter Benjamin and Vladimir Nabokov .
This view culminated the statement of the extreme left-wing literalists Walter Benjamin and Vladimir Nabokov .
This view culminated the presentation of the extreme literalists Walter Benjamin and Vladimir Nabokov .
This view culminated the statement of two extreme literalists .
Now , the context has changed , and the basic problem remains .
Now , the context has changed , and the vital problem remains .
Now , the context has changed , and the basic problem remains .
Now , the software has been modified, and the basic problem remains .
Now , the context has changed , and the basic problem still exists .
Now , the context has changed , and the problem remains .
From a very early age , perhaps the age of five or six , I knew that when I grew I should be a writer .
From a very young age , perhaps the age of five or six , I knew that when I grew I should be a writer .
From a very early age , perhaps the age of five or six , I knew that when I grew I would become a writer .
From a very early age , perhaps the age of five or six , I knew that when I grew I should be a spaceman .
From a early age , perhaps the age of five or six , I knew that when I grew I should be a writer .
From a very early age , perhaps the age of five or six , I definitely knew that when I grew I should be a writer .
Between the ages of about seventeen and twenty-four I tried to abandon this idea , but I did so with the conscience that I was outraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books .
Between the ages of about seventeen and twenty-four I tried to abandon this idea , but I did so with the conscience that I was going against my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books .
Between the ages of about seventeen and twenty-four I tried to abandon this idea , but I did so with the conscience that I was outraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to start a family and write books .
Between the ages of about seventeen and twenty-four I tried to abandon this idea , but I did so with the conscience that I was outraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and make money .
Between the ages of about seventeen and twenty-four I tried to abandon this idea , but I did so with the conscience that I was outraging my nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books .
Between the ages of about seventeen and twenty-four I tried to abandon this idea , but I did so with the conscience that I was outraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books in my hometown .
I was the child of three , but there was a gap of five years on either side , and I barely saw my father before I was eight .
I was the child of three , but there was a gap of five years on either side , and I barely saw my parents before I was eight .
I was the child of three , but there was a gap of five years on either side , and I barely saw my father before I was eight years old .
I was the child of three , but there was a gap of five years on either side , and I barely saw my father on weekdays .
I was the child of three , but there was a big age gap of five years on either side , and I barely saw my father before I was eight .
I was the child of three , but there was a gap of five years on either side , and I saw my father before I was eight .
For this and other reasons I was somewhat lonely , and I soon developed disagreeing mannerisms which made me unpopular throughout my schooldays .
For this and other reasons I was somewhat lonely , and I soon developed disagreeing mannerisms which made me very unpopular throughout my schooldays .
For this and other reasons I was somewhat lonely , and I soon developed disagreeing eccentricities which made me unpopular throughout my schooldays .
For some unknown reasons I was somewhat lonely , and I soon developed disagreeing mannerisms which made me unpopular throughout my schooldays .
For this and other reasons I was somewhat lonely , and I soon developed disagreeing mannerisms which made me look like a freak throughout my schooldays .
For this and other reasons I was lonely , and I soon developed disagreeing mannerisms which made me unpopular throughout my schooldays .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons , and I think from the very start my literal ambitions were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up some adventure stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons , and I think from the very start my literal ambitions were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and conversing with imaginative persons , and I think from the very start my literal ambitions were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative people , and I think from the very start my literal ambitions were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons , and I think from the very beginning my literal ambitions were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I had the child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons , and I think from the very start my literal ambitions were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I knew that I had a facility with words and a power of facing in unpleasant facts , and I felt that this created a sort of private world which I could get my own back for my failure in everyday life .
I knew that I had a facility with literature and a power of facing in unpleasant facts , and I felt that this created a sort of private world which I could get my own back for my failure in everyday life .
I knew that I had a facility with words and competance in facing in unpleasant facts , and I felt that this created a sort of private world which I could get my own back for my failure in everyday life .
I knew that I had a facility with words and a power of facing in unpleasant facts , and I felt that this created a kind of private world which I could get my own back for my failure in everyday life .
I knew that I had a facility with words and a power of facing in unpleasant facts , and I felt that this created a sort of world which I could get my own back for my failure in everyday life .
I knew that I had a facility with words and a magical power of facing in unpleasant facts , and I felt that this created a sort of private world which I could get my own back for my failure in everyday life .
Therefore the volume of serious i.e . seriously intended writing which I produced all through my childhood and boyhood would not amount to half a dozen pages .
Therefore the volume of serious i.e . earnestly intended writing which I produced all through my childhood and boyhood would not amount to half a dozen pages .
Therefore the volume of serious i.e . seriously intended writing which I created all through my childhood and boyhood would not amount to half a dozen pages .
Therefore the volume of serious i.e . seriously intended writing which I produced all through my early childhood and boyhood would not amount to half a dozen pages .
Therefore the volume of serious i.e . seriously intended writing which I produced all through my childhood and boyhood would not amount to six pages .
Therefore the volume of serious i.e . seriously intended writing which I produced all through my childhood and boyhood would amount to half a dozen pages .
So far as we can tell , all human languages are equally complete and perfect as instruments of communication : that is , every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
So far as we can tell , all human languages are equally complete and perfect as communication tools : that is , every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
So far as we can tell , all human languages are similarly complete and perfect as instruments of communication : that is , every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
So far as we can tell , all human languages are equally logical and perfect as instruments of communication : that is , every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
all human languages are equally complete and perfect as instruments of communication : that is , every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
So far as we can tell , all human languages are equally complete and perfect as precision instruments of communication : that is , every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
There may or may not be appropriate to talk about primitive peoples or cultures , but that is another matter .
There may or may not be appropriate to investigate primitive peoples or cultures , but that is another matter .
There may or may not be allowed to talk about primitive peoples or cultures , but that is another matter .
There may or may not be appropriate to talk about primitive peoples or their cultures , but that is another matter .
There may or may not be appropriate to talk about primitive peoples or cultures , but that is beyond our control .
There may or may not be appropriate to talk about peoples or cultures , but that is another matter .
Whereas this is not the fault of their language .
Whereas I don't think it is the fault of their language .
Whereas this is absolutely not the fault of their language .
Whereas We are blaming the accident on the fault of our language .
Whereas this must be the fault of their language .
Whereas this is the fault of their language .
The Eskimos can speak about snow with further more precision and subtlety than we can in English , but this is not because the Eskimo language one of those sometimes miscalled primitive is inherently more precise and subtle than English .
The Eskimos can speak about snow with further more precision and originality than we can in English , but this is not because the Eskimo language one of those sometimes miscalled primitive is inherently more precise and creative than English .
The Eskimos can speak about snow with further more precision and subtlety than we can in English , but this is not because the Eskimo language one of those sometimes mistakenly called primitive is inherently more precise and subtle than English .
The Eskimos can speak about snow with further more precision and subtlety than we can in English , but this is not because the Eskimo language one of those usually miscalled primitive is inherently more precise and subtle than English .
The Eskimos can speak about snow with further more precision and subtlety than we can in English , but this is not because the Eskimo language one of those sometimes miscalled primitive is more precise and subtle than English .
The Eskimos can easily speak about snow with further more precision and subtlety than we can in English , but this is not because the Eskimo language one of those sometimes miscalled primitive is inherently more precise and subtle than English .
This example does not come to light a defect in English , a show of unexpected primitiveness .
This example does not come to light a defect in English , a show of astounding primitiveness .
This example can not come to light a defect in English , a show of unexpected primitiveness .
This example does not come to light a defect in English , a manifestation of unexpected primitiveness .
This example does not come to light a defect in English , a show of primitiveness .
This example in the section does not come to light a defect in English , a show of unexpected primitiveness .
The position is simply and obviously that the Eskimos and the English live in similar environments .
The position is easy and obviously that the Eskimos and the English live in similar conditions .
The position is naturally and obviously that the Eskimos and the English live in similar environments .
The position is simply and obviously that the Eskimos and the English even live in similar environments .
the Eskimos and the English live in similar environments .
The place is simply and obviously that the Eskimos and the English live in similar environments .
The English language will be just as rich in terms for different kinds of snow , presumably , if the environments in which English was habitually used made such distinction as important .
The English language will be just as rich in terms for different kinds of snow , probably , if the environments in which English was habitually used made such distinction as important .
The English language will be just as rich in terms for different kinds of snow , presumably , if the circumstances in which English was habitually used made such distinction as important .
The English language will be just as rich in terms for different kinds of snow , presumably , if the environments in which English was frequently used made such distinction as important .
The English will be just as rich in terms for different kinds of snow , presumably , if the environments in which English was habitually used made such distinction as important .
The English language today will be just as rich in terms for different kinds of snow , presumably , if the environments in which English was habitually used made such distinction as important .
Similarly , we have no reason to doubt that the Eskimo language could be as precise and subtle on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics formed the part of the Eskimos ' life .
Similarly , we have no reason to doubt that the Eskimo language could be as accurate and subtle on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics formed the part of the Eskimos ' life .
Similarly , we have no reason to doubt that the Eskimo language could be as precise and delicate on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics formed the part of the Eskimos ' life .
Similarly , we should not doubt that the Eskimo language could be as precise and subtle on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics formed the part of the Eskimos ' life .
Similarly , we have no reason to doubt that the language could be as precise and subtle on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics formed the part of the Eskimos ' life .
Similarly , we actually have no reason to doubt that the Eskimo language could be as precise and subtle on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics formed the part of the Eskimos ' life .
The previous section has shown how quickly a rhyme passes from one schoolchild to the next and illustrates the further difference between school lore and nursery lore .
The previous section has revealed how quickly a rhyme passes from one schoolchild to the next and illustrates the further difference between school lore and nursery lore .
The previous section has shown how quickly a rhyme passes from one kid to the next and illustrates the further difference between school lore and nursery lore .
The previous section has shown how quickly a rhyme passes from one schoolchild to another and illustrates the further difference between school lore and nursery lore .
The previous section has shown how quickly a rhyme passes from one schoolchild to the next and illustrates the difference between school lore and nursery lore .
The previous section has clearly shown how quickly a rhyme passes from one schoolchild to the next and illustrates the further difference between school lore and nursery lore .
In nursery lore a verse , learnt in early childhood , is not usually passed on again when the little listener has grown up , and has children of their own , or even grandchildren .
In nursery lore a verse , learnt in early childhood , is not usually passed on again when the little listener has grown up , and has offspring of their own , or even grandchildren .
In nursery lore a verse , acquired in early childhood , is not usually passed on again when the little listener has grown up , and has children of their own , or even grandchildren .
In nursery lore a verse , learnt in early childhood , is not usually repeated when the little listener has grown up , and has children of their own , or even grandchildren .
In nursery lore a verse , learnt in childhood , is not usually passed on again when the little listener has grown up , and has children of their own , or even grandchildren .
In nursery lore a verse , learnt in early childhood , is not usually passed on again when the little listener has already grown up , and has children of their own , or even grandchildren .
The period between learning a nursery rhyme and transmitting it may be something from 20 to 70 years .
The period between learning a nursery rhyme and passing on it may be something from 20 to 70 years .
The period between learning a nursery rhyme and transmitting it can be something from 20 to 71 years .
The period between learning a verse and transmitting it may be something from 20 to 70 years .
The period between learning a rhyme and transmitting it may be something from 20 to 70 years .
The period between learning a nursery rhyme and transmitting it may not be something from 20 to 70 years .
Employers who do credit checks operate underthe assumption that having had trouble paying bills is a character flaw , but there is scant hard evidence to back this down .
Employers who do credit checks operate underthe assumption that having had trouble paying bills is a character flaw , but there is little hard evidence to back this down .
Employers who do credit checks operate underthe underlying assumption that having had trouble paying bills is a character flaw , but there is scant hard evidence to back this down .
Senior executives who do credit checks operate underthe assumption that having had trouble paying bills is a character flaw , but there is scant hard evidence to back this down .
Employers who do credit checks operate underthe assumption that having had trouble paying bills is a flaw , but there is scant hard evidence to back this down .
Employers who often do credit checks operate underthe assumption that having had trouble paying bills is a character flaw , but there is scant hard evidence to back this down .
Many credit problems are due to factors outside of a person 's control . Sarah Ford , an attorney with the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law , told a House committee last year which credit reports failed to provide insufficient context .
Many credit problems are caused by factors outside of a person 's control . Sarah Ford , an attorney with the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law , told a House committee last year which credit reports failed to provide insufficient context .
Many credit problems are due to factors beyond a person 's control . Sarah Ford , an attorney with the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law , told a House committee last year which credit reports failed to provide insufficient context .
Many credit problems are due to factors outside of one 's control . Sarah Ford , an attorney with the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law , told a House committee last year which credit reports failed to provide insufficient context .
Many problems are due to factors outside of a person 's control . Sarah Ford , an attorney with the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law , told a House committee last year which credit reports failed to provide insufficient context .
Many credit problems are due to factors outside of a person 's control . Sarah Ford , an attorney with the Lawyers ' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law , told a House committee last year which credit reports failed to provide more insufficient context .
" A credit report would not explain that a factory worker lost his job when his employer went out of business , " she said . Or that " a man 's credit was destroyed so he was the victim of identity theft or a predatory lending scam . " Or that " a woman lost her job and her health coverage before developing breast cancer and incurring astronomical medical bills . "
" A credit report would not explain that a factory worker lost his job when his employer went out of business , " she said . Or that " a man 's credit was ruined so he was the victim of identity theft or a predatory lending scam . " Or that " a woman lost her job and her health coverage before developing breast cancer and incurring astronomical medical bills . "
" A credit report would not explain that a factory worker lost his job when his employer went bankrupt , " she said . Or that " a man 's credit was destroyed so he was the victim of identity theft or a predatory lending scam . " Or that " a woman lost her job and her health coverage before developing breast cancer and incurring astronomical medical bills . "
" A credit report would not explain that a staff member lost his job when his employer went out of business , " she said . Or that " a man 's credit was destroyed so he was the victim of identity theft or a predatory lending scam . " Or that " a woman lost her job and her health coverage before developing breast cancer and incurring astronomical medical bills . "
" A credit report would not explain that a factory worker lost his job when his employer went out of business , " she said . Or that " a man 's credit was destroyed so he was the victim of identity theft or a predatory lending scam . " Or that " a woman lost her job and her health coverage before developing cancer and incurring astronomical medical bills . "
" A normal credit report would not explain that a factory worker lost his job when his employer went out of business , " she said . Or that " a man 's credit was destroyed so he was the victim of identity theft or a predatory lending scam . " Or that " a woman lost her job and her health coverage before developing breast cancer and incurring astronomical medical bills . "
There is no link , whatsoever , between the producers and users of manpower with the result that institutions of learning , essentially at the secondary , technical , and high levels , are not exactly aware of the end result and use of its manpower output .
There is no connection , whatsoever , between the producers and users of manpower with the result that institutions of learning , essentially at the secondary , technical , and high levels , are not exactly aware of the end result and use of its manpower output .
There is no link , , between the producers and users of manpower with the result that institutions of learning , essentially at the secondary , technical , and high levels , are not exactly aware of the end result and use of its manpower output .
There is no link , whatsoever , between the producers and users of labor with the result that institutions of learning , essentially at the secondary , technical , and high levels , are not exactly aware of the end result and use of its manpower output .
There is no link , whatsoever , between the producers and users of manpower with the result that educational institutions , essentially at the secondary , technical , and high levels , are not exactly aware of the end result and use of its manpower output .
There is no link , whatsoever , between the producers and users of manpower with the result that institutions of learning , especially at the secondary , technical , and high levels , are not exactly aware of the end result and use of its manpower output .
There has to be a complete synchronization and rapport between the two sets : the producers and the users , happens in most of the countries , including the developing ones .
There has to be a complete synchronization and affinity between the two sets : the producers and the users , happens in most of the countries , including the developing ones .
There has to be a complete synchronization and rapport between the two sets : the producers and the users , happens in most of the nations , including the developing ones .
There has to be a complete synchronization and rapport between the two types : the producers and the users , happens in most of the countries , including the developing ones .
There has to be a complete synchronization and rapport between the sets : the producers and the users , happens in most of the countries , including the developing ones .
There has to be a complete synchronization and rapport between the two sets : the producers and the users , happens in most of the western countries , including the developing ones .
There is no focus on the quality of education in terms of the depth and dimensions of teaching and in terms of syllabi , but technical education does have some quality control .
There is no focus on the quality of education in terms of the depth and dimensions of teaching and in terms of syllabi , but technical education does have some quality control .
There is no focus on the quality of education in terms of the depth and dimensions of teaching , as well as syllabi , but technical education does have some quality control .
There is no focus on the quality of education in terms of the depth and dimensions of teaching and in terms of syllabi , but there is some quality control in technical education .
There is no focus on the quality of education in terms of the depth and dimensions of teaching and in terms of syllabi , but education does have some quality control .
There is no focus on the high quality of education in terms of the depth and dimensions of teaching and in terms of syllabi , but technical education does have some quality control .
There are rarely any revisions and up gradation of courses either in the light of the changes occurring in the given discipline , nor in terms of the country 's manpower requirements .
There are rarely any adjustments and up gradation of courses either in the light of the changes occurring in the given discipline , nor in terms of the country 's manpower requirements .
There are rarely any revisions and up gradation of courses either in the light of the changes occurring in the specified discipline , nor in terms of the country 's manpower requirements .
There are rarely any revisions and up gradation of courses either in the light of the changes occurring in the given discipline , nor in terms of the country 's human resource requirements .
There are rarely any revisions and up gradation of courses either in the light of the changes occurring in the discipline , nor in terms of the country 's manpower requirements .
There are rarely any revisions and up gradation of courses either in the light of the changes occurring in the given discipline , nor in terms of the other country 's manpower requirements .
Higher education is basically financed by the Government and that too without any reference to quality and output . It lacks of philanthropic support either from the Non Government Organizations or from the corporate world .
Higher education is basically financed by the Government and that also without any reference to quality and output . It lacks of philanthropic support either from the Non Government Organizations or from the corporate world .
Higher education is basically financed by the Government and that too without any reference to quality and output . It lacks of philanthropic support either from the non-governmental Organizations or from the corporate world .
Higher education is basically financed by the Government and that too without any reference to quality and output . It lacks of philanthropic support either from the Non Government Organizations or from some companies .
Higher education is financed by the Government and that too without any reference to quality and output . It lacks of philanthropic support either from the Non Government Organizations or from the corporate world .
Higher education in this country is basically financed by the Government and that too without any reference to quality and output . It lacks of philanthropic support either from the Non Government Organizations or from the corporate world .
In this era of reforms , the time is not far when higher education , funding entirely by the Government , will be tossed into suddenly free and competitive market with sharply increased government funding .
In this era of reforms , the time is not far when higher education , funding entirely by the Government , will be tossed into surprisingly free and competitive market with sharply increased government funding .
In this era of reforms , the time is not far when higher education , funding entirely by the Government , will be tossed into suddenly free of charge and competitive market with sharply increased government funding .
In this era of reforms , the time is not far when higher education , funding entirely by the Government , will be tossed into suddenly free and competitive market with rapidly increased government funding .
In this era of reforms , the time is not far when higher education , funding by the Government , will be tossed into suddenly free and competitive market with sharply increased government funding .
In this era of reforms , the time is not far away from us when higher education , funding entirely by the Government , will be tossed into suddenly free and competitive market with sharply increased government funding .
It will then be termed as India 's higher education open market , the initial impact on which will be largely negative .
It will then be known as India 's higher education open market , the initial impact on which will be largely negative .
It will then be termed as India 's open market for higher education , the initial impact on which will be largely negative .
It will then be termed as India 's higher education open market , the initial impact on which will be overwhelmingly negative .
It will then be termed as India 's higher education open market , the initial effect on which will be largely negative .
It will be termed as India 's higher education open market , the initial impact on which will be largely negative .
It is anticipated that many institutions at that time will get disintegrated , strangled by the loss of resources , overwhelming demand for resources that they would fail to provide , and the receivables they would not be able to recover .
It is anticipated that numerous institutions at that time will get disintegrated , strangled by the loss of resources , overwhelming demand for resources that they would fail to provide , and the receivables they would not be able to recover .
It is anticipated that many institutions at that time will go bankrupt , strangled by the loss of resources , overwhelming demand for resources that they would fail to provide , and the receivables they would not be able to recover .
It is anticipated that many institutions at that time will get disintegrated , strangled by the loss of resources , irresistible demand for resources that they would fail to provide , and the receivables they would not be able to recover .
It is anticipated that many institutions at that time will get disintegrated , strangled by the loss of resources , overwhelming demand for resources that they would fail to provide , and the receivables they would not recover .
It is anticipated that many institutions at that time will get disintegrated , strangled by the loss of resources , overwhelming demand for social resources that they would fail to provide , and the receivables they would not be able to recover .
Management jargon can alienate staff and leave bosses looking untrustworthy and weak , according to a survey published on Monday . Managers who spoke of " singing from the same hymn sheet " could find themselves sing solo , the survey said .
Management jargon can alienate staff and leave bosses looking unreliable and weak , according to a survey published on Monday . Managers who spoke of " singing from the same hymn sheet " could find themselves sing solo , the survey said .
Management jargon can alienate staff and leave bosses looking untrustworthy and fragile , according to a survey published on Monday . Managers who spoke of " singing from the same hymn sheet " could find themselves sing solo , the survey said .
Management jargon can alienate staff and leave bosses looking untrustworthy and weak , according to a survey published on Monday . Managers who spoke of " singing from the same hymn sheet " could find themselves sing alone , the survey said .
Management jargon can alienate staff and leave bosses looking untrustworthy and weak , according to a survey published on Monday . Managers who spoke of " singing from the same sheet " could find themselves sing solo , the survey said .
Management jargon can probably alienate staff and leave bosses looking untrustworthy and weak , according to a survey published on Monday . Managers who spoke of " singing from the same hymn sheet " could find themselves sing solo , the survey said .
Workers said such phrases as " blue sky thinking " , " the helicopter view " and " heads up " could lead to alienation and low moral in the office .
Workers said such phrases as " blue sky thinking " , " the helicopter view " and " heads up " might lead to alienation and low moral in the office .
Workers said such phrases as " blue sky thinking " , " the helicopter view " and " heads up " could lead to alienation and low moral in the workplace .
Experts said such phrases as " blue sky thinking " , " the helicopter view " and " heads up " could lead to alienation and low moral in the office .
Workers said such phrases as " blue sky thinking " , " the helicopter view " and " heads up " lead to alienation and low moral in the office .
Workers in this company said such phrases as " blue sky thinking " , " the helicopter view " and " heads up " could lead to alienation and low moral in the office .
The survey , carried out by YouGov to mark the 15th anniversary of Investors in People , a government-backed training initial , found 37 percent of the 2,900 questioned believed jargon led to mistrust and encouraged a feeling of inadequacy .
The survey , carried out by YouGov to mark the 15th anniversary of Investors in People , a government-led training initial , found 37 percent of the 2,900 questioned believed jargon led to mistrust and encouraged a feeling of inadequacy .
The survey , carried out by YouGov to mark the 15th anniversary of Investors in People , a government-backed training initial , found 37 percent of the 2,901 questioned believed jargon caused mistrust and encouraged a feeling of inadequacy .
The survey , carried out by YouGov to mark the 15th anniversary of Investors in People , a government-backed training initial , found 37 percent of the 2,900 questioned believed jargon led to mistrust and promoted a feeling of inadequacy .
The survey , carried out by YouGov to mark the 15th anniversary of Investors in People , a government-backed training initial , found 37 percent of the 2,900 questioned jargon led to mistrust and encouraged a feeling of inadequacy .
The survey , carried out by YouGov last year to mark the 15th anniversary of Investors in People , a government-backed training initial , found 37 percent of the 2,900 questioned believed jargon led to mistrust and encouraged a feeling of inadequacy .
Bosses seemed oblivious to the dangers , with more than half , believing it to be harmful .
Bosses appeared oblivious to the dangers , with more than half , believing it to be harmful .
Bosses seemed to be unaware of the dangers , with more than half , believing it to be harmful .
Bosses seemed oblivious to the potential dangers , with more than half , believing it to be harmful .
Bosses seemed oblivious to the dangers , with more than half , considering it to be harmful .
Bosses seemed oblivious to dangers , with more than half , believing it to be harmful .
That could explain why workers perceived it to be on rise , with nearly 40 percent believing it was increasingly creeping into office banter .
That could explain why workers perceived it to be on rise , with almost 40 percent believing it was increasingly creeping into office banter .
That might explain why workers perceived it to be on rise , with nearly 41 percent believing it was increasingly creeping into office banter .
That could explain why workers perceived it to be on rise , with nearly 40 percent assuming it was increasingly creeping into office banter .
That could explain why workers perceived it to be on rise , with 40 percent believing it was increasingly creeping into office banter .
That could hardly explain why workers perceived it to be on rise , with nearly 40 percent believing it was increasingly creeping into office banter .
Almost two-thirds of employees would prefer to no jargon at work . Cliches such as " getting our ducks in a row " might just be lining up trouble , though .
Almost two-thirds of employees would prefer to no jargon at work . Phrases such as " getting our ducks in a row " might just be lining up trouble , though .
Almost two-thirds of employees would prefer to no jargon at work . Cliches such as " getting our ducks in a row " might only be lining up trouble , though .
Almost two-thirds of employees would prefer to no jargon at work . Cliches such as " getting our ducks in a row "could be a recipe for disaster , though .
Almost two-thirds of employees prefer to no jargon at work . Cliches such as " getting our ducks in a row " might just be lining up trouble , though .
Almost two-thirds of employees in this factory would prefer to no jargon at work . Cliches such as " getting our ducks in a row " might just be lining up trouble , though .
Nicola Clark , director at Investors in People , said : " Whilst jargon can be useful shorthand at times , managers need to be more alert to when and how they use them . "
Nicola Clark , director at Investors in People , said : " While jargon can be useful shorthand at times , managers need to be more alert to when and how they use them . "
Nicola Clark , director at Investors in People , said : " Whilst jargon may be useful shorthand at times , managers need to be more alert to when and how they use them . "
Nicola Clark , director at Investors in People , said : " Whilst jargon can be useful shorthand on occasion , managers need to be more alert to when and how they use them . "
Nicola Clark , director at Investors in People , said : " Whilst jargon can be useful shorthand at times , managers need to be alert to when and how they use them . "
Nicola Clark , director at Investors in People , said : " Whilst jargon can be very useful shorthand at times , managers need to be more alert to when and how they use them . "
Nearly 40 percent of workers surveyed believed jargon betrayed a lack of confidence , but one in five thought those who used it were untrustworthy or trying to cover something up .
Nearly 40 percent of workers surveyed believed jargon betrayed a lack of trust , but one in five thought those who used it were untrustworthy or trying to cover something up .
Nearly 41 percent of workers surveyed believed jargon betrayed a lack of confidence , but one in five thought those who used it were unreliable or trying to cover something up .
Nearly 40 percent of workers surveyed believed jargon betrayed a lack of confidence , but one in five thought those who used it were untrustworthy or trying to hide the truth .
Nearly 40 percent of workers surveyed believed jargon betrayed a lack of confidence , but one in five thought those who used it were untrustworthy or trying to cover something .
Nearly 40 percent of workers surveyed believed jargon betrayed a lack of confidence , but one in five thought those who often used it were untrustworthy or trying to cover something up .
" Cutting jargon out of everyday communication is clearly a challenge . Therefore , as our research shows , if used inappropriate , jargon can be an obstacle to understanding , which ultimately can impact on an individual 's performance and an organization 's productivity . "
" Cutting jargon out of everyday communication is obviously a challenge . Therefore , as our research shows , if used inappropriate , jargon can be an obstacle to understanding , which ultimately can impact on an individual 's performance and an organization 's productivity . "
" Cutting jargon out of everyday communication is clearly a challenge . Therefore , as our research indicates , if used inappropriate , jargon can be an obstacle to understanding , which ultimately can impact on an individual 's performance and an organization 's productivity . "
" Cutting jargon out of everyday communication is clearly a challenge . Therefore , as our research shows , if used inappropriate , jargon can be a barrier to understanding , which ultimately can impact on an individual 's performance and an organization 's productivity . "
" Cutting jargon out of everyday communication is a challenge . Therefore , as our research shows , if used inappropriate , jargon can be an obstacle to understanding , which ultimately can impact on an individual 's performance and an organization 's productivity . "
" Cutting jargon out of everyday communication is clearly a tough challenge . Therefore , as our research shows , if used inappropriate , jargon can be an obstacle to understanding , which ultimately can impact on an individual 's performance and an organization 's productivity . "
A four-year study by sociologists at The University of Manchester has found that women are much likely than men to make deep and lasting friendships .
A four-year study by sociologists at The University of Manchester has found that women are much likely than men to make deep and long-term friendships .
A recent study by sociologists at The University of Manchester suggests that women are much likely than men to make deep and lasting friendships .
According to a four-year study conducted by sociologists at The University of Manchester , women are much likely than men to make deep and lasting friendships .
A four-year study by sociologists has found that women are much likely than men to make deep and lasting friendships .
A four-year study by sociologists at The University of Manchester has found that women are much likely than men to keep deep and lasting friendships .
The investigation into social networks by the University 's Research Centre for Socio-Cultural Change found that men are more fickle and calculating about who they should be friends .
The research into social networks by the University 's Research Centre for Socio-Cultural Change found that men are more fickle and calculating about who they should be friends .
The investigation into social networks found that men are more fickle and calculating about who they should be friends .
The investigation into social networks by the University 's Research Centre for Socio-Cultural Change found that men are more scheming and calculating about who they should be friends .
The investigation into social networks by the University 's Research Centre for Socio-Cultural Change found that public servants are more fickle and calculating about who they should be friends .
The investigation into social networks by the University 's Research Centre for Socio-Cultural Change found that men are more fickle and calculating about who they should be their friends .
Women , on the other hand , stand by their friends through thick and thin . Adding to the bad news for male prestige , the study confirms the stereotype which men are likely to base their friendship on social drinking .
Women , on the other hand , stand by their confidants through thick and thin . Adding to the bad news for male prestige , the study confirms the stereotype which men are likely to base their friendship on social drinking .
Women , on the other hand , stand by their friends through thick and thin . Adding to the bad news for male prestige , the study confirms the stereotype which men tend to base their friendship on social drinking .
Women , on the other hand , stand by their friends through thick and thin . Adding to the bad news for male prestige , the study confirms the stereotype which men are likely to form their friendship based on social drinking .
Women , on the other hand , stand by friends through thick and thin . Adding to the bad news for male prestige , the study confirms the stereotype which men are likely to base their friendship on social drinking .
Women , on the other hand , stand by their close friends through thick and thin . Adding to the bad news for male prestige , the study confirms the stereotype which men are likely to base their friendship on social drinking .
Of the 10,000 individuals studying who took part in the 1992 to 2002 British Household Panel Surveys , women are much more likely to stay with the same friends .
Of the 10,000 individuals studying who took part in the 1992 to 2002 British Household Panel Surveys , women tend to stay with the same friends .
Of the 10,000 individuals studying who took part in the 1992 to 2002 British Household Panel Surveys , women are much more likely to get along with others .
Of the 10,000 individuals studying who took part in the 1992 to 2003 British Household Panel Surveys , women are much more likely to stay with old friends .
Of the 10,000 individuals studying who took part in the 1992 to 2002 British Household Panel Surveys , young women are much more likely to stay with the same friends .
Of the 10,000 individuals studying who took part in the 1992 to 2002 British Household Panel Surveys , women are more likely to stay with the same friends .
Single people , elder people and white collar workers are also good at paring up .
Single people , elder people and white collar workers are particularly good at paring up .
Single people , elder people and white collar workers are also adept at paring up .
Single people , elder people and a number of white collar workers are also good at paring up .
Single people , elder people and white collar workers were also good at paring up .
Single people , elder people and white collar workers are good at paring up .
Middle class people are more likely to cast their net of friendship far more wider , or the working class tend to stick to their own kind .
Middle class people are more likely to cast their net of friendship far more broader , or the working class tend to stick to their own kind .
Upper class people are more likely to cast their net of friendship far more wider , or the lower class tend to stick to their own kind .
Middle class people are more likely to cast their net of friendship far more wider , or the working class often stick to their own kind .
Middle class people are likely to cast their net of friendship far more wider , or the working class tend to stick to their own kind .
Middle class people in this new era are more likely to cast their net of friendship far more wider , or the working class tend to stick to their own kind .
Dr Gindo Tampubolon said the findings to female friendship were double significant because the data suggest we are much more likely to socialize with people from our own gender-75 per cent of best friends were with the same sex .
Dr Gindo Tampubolon said the report's findings to female friendship were double significant because the data suggest we are much more likely to socialize with people from our own gender-75 per cent of best friends were with the same sex .
Dr Gindo Tampubolon said the findings to friendship between women were double significant because the data suggest we are much more likely to socialize with people from our own gender-75 per cent of best friends were with the same sex .
Dr Gindo Tampubolon said the findings to female friendship were double significant because the data suggest we tend to socialize with people from our own gender-76 per cent of best friends were with the same sex .
Dr Gindo Tampubolon said the findings to female friendship were double significant because the data indicate we are much more likely to socialize with people from our own gender-75 per cent of best friends were with the same sex .
Dr Gindo Tampubolon said the findings to female friendship were double significant because the data suggest we are more likely to socialize with people from our own gender-75 per cent of best friends were with the same sex .
Dr Tampubolon , who is based at the School of Social Sciences , said : " Friendship between women seems to be fundamentally similar to friendship between men . "
Dr Tampubolon , who is based at the School of Social Sciences , said : " Friendship between women appears to be fundamentally similar to friendship between men . "
Dr Tampubolon , who is based at the School of Social Sciences , said : " Friendship between women seems to be completely similar to friendship between men . "
Dr Tampubolon said : " Friendship between women seems to be fundamentally similar to friendship between men . "
Dr Tampubolon , who is based at the School of Social Sciences , said : " Friendship between girls seems to be fundamentally similar to friendship between boys . "
Dr Tampubolon , who is now based at the School of Social Sciences , said : " Friendship between women seems to be fundamentally similar to friendship between men . "
Americans ' circle of close confidants has shrunk dramatically in the past two decades but the number of people who say they have no one with whom to discuss important matters has more than doubled , according to a new study by sociologists at Duke University and the University of Arizona .
Americans ' circle of close confidants has shrunk dramatically in the past two decades but the number of people who say they have no one with whom to discuss private matters has more than doubled , according to a new study by sociologists at Duke University and the University of Arizona .
Americans ' circle of close confidants has shrunk dramatically in the past two decades but the number of people who say they have no one with whom to discuss important matters has more than doubled , according to a recent study by sociologists at Duke University and the University of Arizona .
Americans ' circle of close confidants has shrunk dramatically in the past two decades but the number of people who say they have no one with whom to discuss important issues has more than doubled , according to a new study by sociologists at Duke University and the University of Arizona .
Americans ' circle of close confidants has shrunk in the past two decades but the number of people who say they have no one with whom to discuss important matters has more than doubled , according to a new study by sociologists at Duke University and the University of Arizona .
Americans ' circle of close confidants has shrunk dramatically in the past two decades but the number of people who say they have no one with whom to discuss important matters has more than doubled , according to a new study published by sociologists at Duke University and the University of Arizona .
University and the University of Arizona. " The evidence shows that Americans have more confidants and those ties are also more family-based than they are used to be , " said Lynn Smith-Lovin , Professor of Sociology at Duke University and one of the study 's authors of Social Isolation in America : Changes in Core Discussion Networks Over Two Decades .
The evidence shows that Americans have more confidants and those ties are also more family-based than they are used to be , " said Lynn Smith-Lovin , Professor of Sociology at Duke University and one of the study 's authors of Social Isolation in America : Changes in Core Discussion Networks Over Two Decades .
University and the University of Arizona. " The evidence shows that American people have more confidants and those ties are also more family-based than they are used to be , " said Lynn Smith-Lovin , Professor of Sociology at Duke University and one of the study 's authors of Social Isolation in America : Changes in Core Discussion Networks Over Two Decades .
University and the University of Arizona. " The proof shows that Americans have more confidants and those ties are also more family-based than they are used to be , " said Lynn Smith-Lovin , Professor of Sociology at Duke University and one of the study 's authors of Social Isolation in America : Changes in Core Discussion Networks Over Two Decades .
University and the University of Arizona. " The convincing evidence shows that Americans have more confidants and those ties are also more family-based than they are used to be , " said Lynn Smith-Lovin , Professor of Sociology at Duke University and one of the study 's authors of Social Isolation in America : Changes in Core Discussion Networks Over Two Decades .
University and the University of Arizona. " The evidence shows that Americans have more close friends and those ties are also more family-based than they are used to be , " said Lynn Smith-Lovin , Professor of Sociology at Duke University and one of the study 's authors of Social Isolation in America : Changes in Core Discussion Networks Over Two Decades .
The study compared data from 1985 to 2004 and found which the mean number of people with whom Americans can discuss matters important to them dropped by nearly one-third , from 2.94 people in 1985 to 2.08 in 2004 .
The study compared data from 1985 to 2004 and found which the mean number of people with whom Americans can discuss issues important to them dropped by nearly one-third , from 2.94 people in 1985 to 2.08 in 2004 .
The study compared data from 1985 to 2004 and found which the mean number of people with whom Americans can discuss matters vital to them dropped by nearly one-third , from 2.94 people in 1985 to 2.08 in 2004 .
The study compared data from 1985 to 2004 and found which the mean number of people with whom American people can discuss matters important to them dropped by nearly one-third , from 2.94 people in 1985 to 2.08 in 2005 .
The study compared data from 1985 to 2004 and found which the mean number of people with whom Americans can discuss matters important to them dropped by almost one-third , from 2.94 people in 1985 to 2.08 in 2004 .
The study compared data from 1985 to 2004 and found which the mean number of people with whom Americans can discuss matters important to them dropped by one-third , from 2.94 people in 1985 to 2.08 in 2004 .
The study paints a picture of Americans ' social contacts a " densely connected , close , homogeneous set of ties slowly closing in on themselves , becoming smaller , more tightly interconnected , more focusing on the very strong bonds of the nuclear family . "
The study paints a picture of Americans ' social contacts a " densely associated , close , homogeneous set of ties slowly closing in on themselves , becoming smaller , more tightly interconnected , more focusing on the very strong bonds of the nuclear family . "
The study paints a picture of Americans ' social contacts a " densely connected , intimate , homogeneous set of ties slowly closing in on themselves , becoming smaller , more tightly interconnected , more focusing on the very strong bonds of the nuclear family . "
The study paints a picture of Americans ' social contacts a " densely connected , close , homogeneous set of ties slowly closing in on themselves , becoming smaller , more tightly interconnected , more focusing on the extremely strong bonds of the nuclear family . "
The study paints a full-scale picture of Americans ' social contacts a " densely connected , close , homogeneous set of ties slowly closing in on themselves , becoming smaller , more tightly interconnected , more focusing on the very strong bonds of the nuclear family . "
The study paints a picture of Americans ' social contacts a " densely connected , close , homogeneous set of ties slowly closing in on themselves , becoming smaller , more tightly interconnected , more focusing on the strong bonds of the nuclear family . "
That means less contacts created through clubs , neighbors and organizations outside the homea phenomenon popularly known as " bowling lonely , " from the 2000 book of the same title by Robert D. Putnam .
That means less contacts created through clubs , peers and organizations outside the homea phenomenon popularly known as " bowling lonely , " from the 2000 book of the same title by Robert D. Putnam .
That means less contacts produced through clubs , neighbors and organizations outside the homea phenomenon popularly known as " bowling lonely , " from the 2000 book of the same title by Robert D. Putnam .
That means less contacts created through clubs , neighbors and organizations outside the homea phenomenon widely known as " bowling lonely , " from the 2001 book of the same title by Robert D. Putnam .
That means less contacts created through clubs , neighbors and organizations outside the homea social phenomenon popularly known as " bowling lonely , " from the 2000 book of the same title by Robert D. Putnam .
That means less contacts created through clubs , neighbors and organizations outside the homea phenomenon known as " bowling lonely , " from the 2000 book of the same title by Robert D. Putnam .
The researchers speculated that changes in communities and families , such as the increase in a number of hours that family members spend at work and the influence of Internet communication , may contribute to the decrease in the size of close-knit circles of friends and relatives .
The researchers speculated that changes in communities and families , such as the increase in a number of hours that family members spend at work and the effect of Internet communication , may contribute to the decrease in the size of close-knit circles of friends and relatives .
The researchers speculated that changes in communities and families , such as the increase in a number of hours that family members spend at work and the influence of Internet communication , can contribute to the decrease in the size of close-knit circles of friends and relatives .
The researchers speculated that changes in communities and families , such as the increase in a number of hours that family members spend at work and the influence of Internet communication , may contribute to the reduction in the size of close-knit circles of friends and relatives .
The researchers speculated that changes in communities and families , such as the increase in a number of hours that family members spend at work and the influence of Internet , may contribute to the decrease in the size of close-knit circles of friends and relatives .
The researchers speculated that changes in communities and families , such as the sharp increase in a number of hours that family members spend at work and the influence of Internet communication , may contribute to the decrease in the size of close-knit circles of friends and relatives .
Over the years , I 've heard a fair number of slurs shouted at campus cops . Seldom were they " pig " or " fascist . " Far more often , they diminished the power of the officer , using words like " fake cop " or " rent-a-cop " . This is which the power and class dynamics get tricky .
Over the years , I 've heard a fair number of insults shouted at campus cops . Seldom were they " pig " or " fascist . " Far more often , they diminished the power of the officer , using words like " fake cop " or " rent-a-cop " . This is which the power and class dynamics get tricky .
Over the years , I 've heard a fair number of slurs shouted at campus cops . Rarely were they " pig " or " fascist . " Far more often , they diminished the power of the officer , using words like " fake cop " or " rent-a-cop " . This is which the power and class dynamics get tricky .
Over the years , I 've heard a fair number of slurs shouted at campus cops . Seldom were they " pig " or " fascist . " Far more often , they weakened the power of the officer , using words like " fake cop " or " rent-a-cop " . This is which the power and class dynamics get tricky .
Over the years , I 've heard a fair number of slurs shouted at campus cops . Seldom were they " pig " or " fascist . " Far more often , they diminished the officer's authority , using words like " fake cop " or " rent-a-cop " . This is which the power and class dynamics get tricky .
Over the years , I 've heard a number of slurs shouted at campus cops . Seldom were they " pig " or " fascist . " Far more often , they diminished the power of the officer , using words like " fake cop " or " rent-a-cop " . This is which the power and class dynamics get tricky .
They are real cops . Employing by California , they are agents of the state .
They are real cops . Employing by Los Angeles , they are agents of the city .
They are real cops . Employing by California , they are civil servants of the state .
These people are real cops . Employing by California , they are agents of the state .
They are cops . Employing by California , they are agents of the state .
They are real cops . Employing by California , they are brilliant agents of the state .
They 've got weapons . And the payment is not bad at all .
He cheats at cards . And the payment is not bad at all .
They 've got weapons of mass destruction . And the payment is not bad at all .
They 've got weapons . And the payment is not unacceptable at all .
They got weapons . And the payment is not bad at all .
They 've got plenty of weapons . And the payment is not bad at all .
On the other hand , campus police at U.C . Berkeley and U.C . Davis , patrol kids who 'd call them failures if they grew up to be cops ; kids who have more opportunities than the children of the campus cops ; kids who will most be more successful than campus cops ; kids who even enjoy the ultimate loyalty of U.C . faculty and most administrators .
On the other hand , campus police at U.C . Berkeley and U.C . Davis , patrol kids who 'd call them failures if they grew up to be cops ; kids who have more chances than the children of the campus cops ; kids who will most be more successful than campus cops ; kids who even enjoy the ultimate loyalty of U.C . faculty and most administrators .
On the other hand , campus police at U.C . Berkeley and U.C . Davis , patrol kids who 'd call them failures if they grew up to be cops ; kids who have more opportunities than the children of the campus cops ; kids who will most be more prosperous than campus cops ; kids who even enjoy the ultimate loyalty of U.C . faculty and most administrators .
On the other hand , campus police at U.C . Berkeley and U.C . Davis , patrol kids who 'd call them failures if they grew up to be cops ; kids who have more opportunities than the children of the campus cops ; kids who will most be more successful than campus cops ; kids who even profit from the ultimate loyalty of U.C . faculty and most administrators .
On the other hand , campus police at U.C . Berkeley and U.C . Davis , patrol kids who 'd call them failures if they grew up to be cops ; kids who have more opportunities than the children of the campus cops ; kids who will most be more successful than campus cops ; kids who enjoy the ultimate loyalty of U.C . faculty and most administrators .
On the other hand , campus police at U.C . Berkeley and U.C . Davis , patrol kids who 'd call them failures if they grew up to be cops ; kids who have more precious opportunities than the children of the campus cops ; kids who will most be more successful than campus cops ; kids who even enjoy the ultimate loyalty of U.C . faculty and most administrators .
Just look at what happened before U.C . Berkeley administrators sent in cops with batons , and U.C . Davis administrators sent in cops with pepper spray .
Just look at what happened before U.C . Berkeley administrators dispatched cops with batons , and U.C . Davis administrators sent in cops with pepper spray .
Just look at what happened before U.C . Berkeley administrators sent in cops armed with batons , and U.C . Davis administrators sent in cops with pepper spray .
Just look at what happened before U.C . Berkeley administrators sent in cops with batons , and U.C . Davis administrators dispatched cops with pepper spray .
Just look at what happened before U.C . Berkeley administrators sent in cops with batons , and U.C . Davis administrators sent in cops armed with pepper spray .
Just look at what happened before U.C . Berkeley administrators sent in cops with batons , and U.C . Davis administrators sent in cops with spray .
Predictive quarrels occurred .
Predictive headaches occurred .
Predictive incidents occurred .
Predictive mistakes happened .
Predictive evidence emerged .
Predictive quarrels suddenly occurred .
Batons and pepper spray were used . Images leaked . And suddenly administrators were launching investigations ! And issuing statements about how deeply they cared for the students ! Did they fail to anticipate that the weapons would be turned on passive protesters ?
Batons and pepper spray were used . Images leaked . And suddenly administrators started looking into things ! And issuing statements about how deeply they cared for the students ! Did they fail to anticipate that the weapons would be turned on passive protesters ?
Batons and pepper spray were used . Images leaked . And suddenly administrators were launching investigations ! And issuing statements about how much they cared about the students ! Did they fail to anticipate that the weapons would be turned on passive protesters ?
Batons and pepper spray were used . Images leaked . And suddenly administrators were launching investigations ! And issuing declarations about how deeply they cared for the students ! Did they fail to anticipate that the weapons would be turned on passive protesters ?
Batons and pepper spray were used . Images leaked . And administrators were launching investigations ! And issuing statements about how deeply they cared for the students ! Did they fail to anticipate that the weapons would be turned on passive protesters ?
Batons and pepper spray were widely used . Images leaked . And suddenly administrators were launching investigations ! And issuing statements about how deeply they cared for the students ! Did they fail to anticipate that the weapons would be turned on passive protesters ?
They 'd do well to read " Shooting an Elephant , " George Orwell 's reflection on his time as a British imperial police officer in Burma , if so . To be clear , I do n't think imperialism is an apt analogy when police forcibly remove from Occupy Cal or Davis protesters .
They 'd do well to read " Shooting an Elephant , " George Orwell 's reflection on his time as a British imperial police officer in Burma , if so . To be clear , I do n't believe imperialism is an apt analogy when police forcibly remove from Occupy Cal or Davis protesters .
They 'd do well to read " Shooting an Elephant , " George Orwell 's reflection on his time as a British imperial police officer in Burma , if so . To be clear , I do n't think imperialism is an apt analogy when police brutally remove from Occupy Cal or Davis protesters .
They 'd do well to read " Shooting an Elephant , " George Orwell 's reflection on his time as a British imperial police officer in Burma , if so . To be clear , I do n't think imperialism is an apt analogy when police forcibly remove from Occupy Cal or Davis rebels .
They 'd do well to read " Shooting an Elephant , " George Orwell 's reflection on his time as a British police officer in Burma , if so . To be clear , I do n't think imperialism is an apt analogy when police forcibly remove from Occupy Cal or Davis protesters .
They 'd do well to read " Shooting an Elephant , " George Orwell 's reflection on his time as a responsible British imperial police officer in Burma , if so . To be clear , I do n't think imperialism is an apt analogy when police forcibly remove from Occupy Cal or Davis protesters .
And I do think Orwell helps us understand why officers who are n't monsters might use wildly excessive force .
And I do think Orwell helps us understand why officers who are n't monsters might use wildly inappropriate force .
And I do think Orwell helps us understand why cops who are n't monsters might use wildly excessive force .
And I do think Orwell helps us understand why officers who are n't monsters might use excessively unnecessary force .
And I think Orwell helps us understand why officers who are n't monsters might use wildly excessive force .
And I do not think Orwell helps us understand why officers who are n't monsters might use wildly excessive force .
Funding public transit is one of the biggest problems facing cities today . Often the trouble is that a few high-cost , low-ridership routes drag down an entire system . That puts policymakers in a tough spot . They might eliminate these unprofitable lines , that has been suggested before , but in doing so they would harm a considerate number of people who rely on that service as their primary mode of transportation .
Funding public transit is one of the biggest problems facing cities today . Usually the trouble is that a few high-cost , low-ridership routes drag down an entire system . That puts policymakers in a tough spot . They might eliminate these unprofitable lines , that has been suggested before , but in doing so they would harm a considerate number of people who rely on that service as their primary mode of transportation .
Funding public transit is one of the biggest problems facing cities today . Often the trouble is that a few high-cost , low-ridership routes drag down a complete system . That puts policymakers in a tough spot . They might eliminate these unprofitable lines , that has been suggested before , but in doing so they would harm a considerate number of people who rely on that service as their primary mode of transportation .
Funding public transit is one of the biggest problems facing cities today . Often the trouble is that a few high-cost , low-ridership routes drag down an entire system . That puts policymakers in a difficult position . They might eliminate these unprofitable lines , that has been suggested before , but in doing so they would harm a considerate number of people who rely on that service as their primary mode of transportation .
Funding public transit is one of the biggest problems facing cities . Often the trouble is that a few high-cost , low-ridership routes drag down an entire system . That puts policymakers in a tough spot . They might eliminate these unprofitable lines , that has been suggested before , but in doing so they would harm a considerate number of people who rely on that service as their primary mode of transportation .
Funding public transit is one of the biggest problems facing cities today . Often the only trouble is that a few high-cost , low-ridership routes drag down an entire system . That puts policymakers in a tough spot . They might eliminate these unprofitable lines , that has been suggested before , but in doing so they would harm a considerate number of people who rely on that service as their primary mode of transportation .
Over at New Geography , Steve Lafleur revives the debate and argues that low fares are the part of the reason transit lines are struggling .
Over at New Geography , Steve Lafleur revives the debate and asserts that low fares are the part of the reason transit lines are struggling .
Over at New Geography , Steve Lafleur revives the debate and argues that low fares are the part of the cause transit lines are struggling .
Over at New Geography , Steve Lafleur revives the debate and argues that low fares are the part of the reason transit lines are in trouble .
Over at New Geography , Steve Lafleur revives the debate and argues that fares are the part of the reason transit lines are struggling .
Over at New Geography , Steve Lafleur revives the debate and argues that low fares and high costs are the part of the reason transit lines are struggling .
In response , he offers an admittedly " controversial " solution : " Transit should operate on a for profit basis and its prices should closely reflect market forcesif it means that transit fares increase . "
In the meanwhile , he offers an admittedly " controversial " solution : " Transit should operate on a for profit basis and its prices should closely reflect market forcesif it means that transit fares increase . "
In response , he offers an admittedly " controversial " solution : " Transit should operate on a for profit basis and its prices should closely reflect market forcesif it implies that transit fares increase . "
In response , he offers an admittedly " controversial " solution : " Transit should operate on a for profit basis and its prices should closely reflect market forcesif it means that transit fares rise . "
In response , he offers an admittedly " controversial " solution : " Transit should operate on a for profit basis and its prices should reflect market forcesif it means that transit fares increase . "
In response , he offers an admittedly " controversial " solution : " Transit should operate on a for profit basis and its prices should closely reflect market forcesif it means that transit fares sharply increase . "
The idea of increasing ridership by raising fares is not with some recent precedent .
The idea of increasing ridership by raising fares is not with some recent precedent .
The idea of increasing ridership by raising fares is not with some historical precedent .
The idea of increasing ridership by increasing fares is not with some recent precedent .
The idea of increasing ridership by raising fares is not with recent precedent .
The creative idea of increasing ridership by raising fares is not with some recent precedent .
Writing last week at The New York Times Opinionator blog , Lisa Margonelli points to a study from earlier this year comparing transit ridership in Germany and the United States . Over the same period of time , German transit agencies grew ridership while doing something similar in what Lafleur proposesnamely , increasing fares and slashing service .
Writing last week at The New York Times Opinionator blog , Lisa Margonelli points to a study from earlier this year comparing transit ridership in Germany and the United States . Over the same period of time , German transit agencies increased ridership while doing something similar in what Lafleur proposesnamely , increasing fares and slashing service .
Writing last week at The New York Times Opinionator blog , Lisa Margonelli points to a study from earlier this year comparing transit ridership in Germany and the United States . Over the same period of time , German transit agencies grew ridership while doing something similar in what Lafleur proposesnamely , raising fares and slashing service .
Writing last week at The New York Times Opinionator blog , Lisa Margonelli points to a study from earlier this year comparing transit ridership in Germany and the United States . Over the same period of time , German transit agencies grew ridership while doing something similar in what Lafleur proposesnamely , increasing fares and reducing service .
Writing last week at The New York Times Opinionator blog , Lisa Margonelli points to a study from this year comparing transit ridership in Germany and the United States . Over the same period of time , German transit agencies grew ridership while doing something similar in what Lafleur proposesnamely , increasing fares and slashing service .
Writing last week at The New York Times Opinionator blog , Lisa Margonelli points to a study from earlier this year comparing transit ridership in Germany and the United States . Over the same period of time , German transit agencies grew ridership while doing something similar in what Lafleur proposesnamely , increasing plenty of fares and slashing service .
More important than fare changes were the limits simultaneously imposed on car travel .
More essential than fare changes were the limits simultaneously imposed on car travel .
More important than fare changes were the limits imposed on car travel at the same time.
More important than adjustments were the limits simultaneously imposed on car travel .
More important than fare changes were the limits imposed on car travel .
More important than fare changes were not the limits simultaneously imposed on car travel .
While German transit agencies did their best to attract riders to a higher-quality service , the government implemented a number of policies that made driving " less conveniently and more costly " .
While German transit agencies did their best to attract more riders to a higher-quality service , the government implemented a number of policies that made driving " less conveniently and more costly " .
While German transit agencies did their best to attract riders to a higher-quality service , the government enacted a number of policies that made driving " less conveniently and more costly " .
While German transit agencies did their best to attract riders to a higher-quality service , the government implemented numerous policies that made driving " less conveniently and more costly " .
While German transit agencies did their best to attract riders to a higher-quality service , the government implemented a number of policies that made driving " less conveniently and costly " .
While German transit agencies did their best to attract local riders to a higher-quality service , the government implemented a number of policies that made driving " less conveniently and more costly " .
In other words , high fares did lead to greater ridership on German transit , but only when coordinating with harsh automobile policiesnot in isolation .
Consequently , high fares did lead to greater ridership on German transit , but only when coordinating with harsh automobile policiesnot in isolation .
In other words , high fares did lead to greater ridership on German transit , but only when coordinating with draconian automobile policiesnot in isolation .
To put it another way , high fares did lead to greater ridership on German transit , but only when coordinating with harsh automobile policiesnot in isolation .
In other words , high fares lead to greater ridership on German transit , but only when coordinating with harsh automobile policiesnot in isolation .
In other words , high fares did lead to greater ridership on German transit last year , but only when coordinating with harsh automobile policiesnot in isolation .
Concerns a few years ago that students would be forced to use stimulants in the fight for class rank and honors thus seem to be exaggerating , but the reality is equally disturbing : a lifestyle running contrary to all the work habits that higher education stands for .
Concerns a few years ago that students would be forced to use stimulants in the fight for class rank and honors thus seem to be exaggerating , but the truth is equally disturbing : a lifestyle running contrary to all the work habits that higher education stands for .
Concerns a few years ago that students would be forced to use stimulants in the fight for class rank and honors thus seem to be exaggerating , but the reality is equally irritating : a lifestyle running contrary to all the work habits that higher education stands for .
Concerns a few years ago that students would be forced to use stimulants in the fight for class rank and honors thus seem to be exaggerating , but the reality is equally disturbing : a lifestyle running contrary to all the work habits that higher education represents .
Concerns a few years ago that students would be forced to use stimulants in the fight for class rank and honors thus seem to be exaggerating , but the reality is disturbing : a lifestyle running contrary to all the work habits that higher education stands for .
Concerns a few years ago that students in the future would be forced to use stimulants in the fight for class rank and honors thus seem to be exaggerating , but the reality is equally disturbing : a lifestyle running contrary to all the work habits that higher education stands for .
There 's an intriguing historic precedent at the origins of amphetamines .
There 's an intriguing historic precedent at the origins of penicillin .
There 's an intriguing historic novel by Herman Hesse .
I think it's an intriguing historic precedent at the origins of amphetamines .
There 's an absolutely intriguing historic precedent at the origins of amphetamines .
There 's an historic precedent at the origins of amphetamines .
Introduced in 1938 under the trademark Pervitin as the answer to American Benzedrin , they were less an imposition of Nazi authorities and military commanders but a popular coping mechanism for stressed wartime soldiers and civilians like , according to a study by Dutch historians of medicine .
Introduced in 1938 under the trademark Pervitin as an alternative to American Benzedrin , they were less an imposition of Nazi authorities and military commanders but a popular coping mechanism for stressed wartime soldiers and civilians like , according to a study by Dutch historians of medicine .
Introduced in 1938 under the trademark Pervitin as the answer to American Benzedrin , they were less an imposition of Nazi authorities and military commanders but a popular coping mechanism for stressed wartime soldiers and civilians like , according to a study by Dutch historians of medicine .
Introduced in 1939 under the trademark Pervitin as the answer to American Benzedrin , they were less a directive of Nazi authorities and military commanders but a popular coping mechanism for stressed wartime soldiers and civilians like , according to a study by Dutch historians of medicine .
Introduced in 1938 under the trademark Pervitin as the answer to American Benzedrin , they were less an imposition of Nazi authorities and military commanders but a fashionable coping mechanism for stressed wartime soldiers and civilians like , according to a study by Dutch historians of medicine .
Introduced in 1938 under the trademark Pervitin as the answer to American Benzedrin , they were less an imposition of Nazi authorities and military commanders but a coping mechanism for stressed wartime soldiers and civilians like , according to a study by Dutch historians of medicine .
Many students and professionals were described Pervitin for performance , but others took it recreationally .
Many students and professionals were described Pervitin for cough , but others took it recreationally .
Many students and professionals were described Pervitin in order to imporve their performance , but others took it recreationally .
Many students and professionals were described Pervitin for performance , but others took it for fun .
Many students and professionals were described Pervitin for performance , but others used it recreationally .
Many outstanding students and professionals were described Pervitin for performance , but others took it recreationally .
And there was even an early intimation of the 1960s drug culture . The physician-writer Gottfried Benn wanted amphetamines to be used by infantrymen but by students , to develop the human brain to new levelshow lucky he was that he did n't live to see the decline of his ideals among undergraduates .
And there was even an early intimation of the 1960s drug culture . The physician-writer Gottfried Benn wanted amphetamines to be used by infantrymen but by students , to develop the human brain to a higher levelshow lucky he was that he did n't live to see the decline of his ideals among undergraduates .
And there was even an early intimation of the 1961s drug culture . The physician-writer Gottfried Benn wanted amphetamines to be used by infantrymen but by students , to develop the human brain to new levelshow lucky he was that he did n't live to see the decline of his beliefs among undergraduates .
And there was even an early intimation of the 1960s drug culture . The physician-writer Gottfried Benn wanted amphetamines to be used by infantrymen but by students , to develop the human brain to new levelshow lucky he was that he did n't live to witness the decline of his ideals among undergraduates .
And there was an early intimation of the 1960s drug culture . The physician-writer Gottfried Benn wanted amphetamines to be used by infantrymen but by students , to develop the human brain to new levelshow lucky he was that he did n't live to see the decline of his ideals among undergraduates .
And there was even an early intimation of the 1960s drug culture . The physician-writer Gottfried Benn wanted amphetamines to be used by infantrymen but by students , to develop the human brain to new levelshow lucky he was that he did n't live to see the sharp decline of his ideals among undergraduates .
The trouble with considering policy for performance-enhancing use of drugs like Adderall is in what was already apparent in the 1930s : people use them for similar purposes , sometimes productively and sometimes disastrously , something German physicians called " the toxic equation . "
The trouble with considering policy for performance-enhancing use of drugs like Adderall is in what was already obvious in the 1930s : people use them for similar purposes , sometimes productively and sometimes disastrously , something German physicians called " the toxic equation . "
The trouble with considering policy for performance-enhancing use of drugs like Adderall is in what was already apparent in the 1931s : people use them for similar reasons , sometimes productively and sometimes disastrously , something German physicians called " the toxic equation . "
The trouble with considering policy for performance-enhancing use of drugs like Adderall is in what was already apparent in the 1930s : people use them for similar purposes , sometimes fruitfully and sometimes disastrously , something German physicians called " the toxic equation . "
The trouble with considering policy for performance-enhancing use of drugs like Adderall is in what was apparent in the 1930s : people use them for similar purposes , sometimes productively and sometimes disastrously , something German physicians called " the toxic equation . "
The trouble with considering policy for performance-enhancing the use of drugs like Adderall is in what was already apparent in the 1930s : people use them for similar purposes , sometimes productively and sometimes disastrously , something German physicians called " the toxic equation . "
But the contemporary American debate has alarming side not present at he beginning , the idea that performance-enhancement is " cheating . "
But the contemporary American debate has alarming side not present at the start , the idea that performance-enhancement is " cheating . "
But the contemporary American debate has alarming side not present at the beginning , the thought that performance-enhancement is " cheating . "
But the contemporary American debate has alarming side not present at the beginning , the idea that performance-enhancement is " fraud . "
But the American debate has alarming side not present at he beginning , the idea that performance-enhancement is " cheating . "
But the contemporary American debate has alarming side not present at he beginning , so the idea that performance-enhancement is " cheating . "
Does that mean drinking at Starbucks is doping ? It 's a counterproductive argument so it assumes that these drugs work consistently and give users an organic advantage , as opposed to the placebo effect . It 's much better to address the patterns that lead to abuse .
Does that mean drinking at Starbucks is doping ? It 's a counterproductive argument so it hypothesizes that these drugs work consistently and give users an organic advantage , as opposed to the placebo effect . It 's much better to address the patterns that lead to abuse .
Does that mean drinking at Starbucks is doping ? It 's a counterproductive argument so it assumes that these drugs work invariably and give users an organic advantage , as opposed to the placebo effect . It 's much better to address the patterns that lead to abuse .
Does that mean drinking at Starbucks is doping ? It 's a counterproductive argument so it assumes that these drugs work consistently and give users an organic advantage , as opposed to the placebo effect . It 's far preferable to address the patterns that lead to abuse .
Does that mean drinking at Starbucks is doping ? It 's a counterproductive argument so it assumes that these drugs work consistently and give users an organic advantage , as opposed to the placebo effect . It 's better to address the patterns that lead to abuse .
Does that mean drinking at Starbucks is doping ? It 's a counterproductive argument so it assumes that these drugs work consistently and give the users an organic advantage , as opposed to the placebo effect . It 's much better to address the patterns that lead to abuse .
Losing weight is easier when there is money on the line , U.S. researchers said on Tuesday . They said weight-loss programs that award people with moneyand remind them of the cash they stand to lose if they failprovided with a powerful incentive to lose weight compared with more conventional approaches .
Losing weight is easier when there is money on the line , U.S. investigators said on Tuesday . They said weight-loss programs that award people with moneyand remind them of the cash they stand to lose if they failprovided with a powerful incentive to lose weight compared with more conventional approaches .
Losing weight is more straightforward when there is money on the line , U.S. researchers said on Tuesday . They said weight-loss programs that award people with moneyand remind them of the cash they stand to lose if they failprovided with a powerful incentive to lose weight compared with more conventional approaches .
Losing weight is easier when there is money on the line , U.S. researchers said on Tuesday . They said weight-loss programs that award people with moneyand remind them of the cash they stand to lose if they failprovided with a powerful incentive to lose weight compared with more traditional approaches .
Losing weight is easier when there is money on the line , U.S. researchers said on Tuesday . They said weight-loss programs that award people with moneyand remind them of the cash they stand to lose if they failprovided with a powerful incentive to lose weight compared with conventional approaches .
Losing weight is much easier when there is money on the line , U.S. researchers said on Tuesday . They said weight-loss programs that award people with moneyand remind them of the cash they stand to lose if they failprovided with a powerful incentive to lose weight compared with more conventional approaches .
Dr.Kevin Volpp of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine was looking for an effective way to treat obese , a growing problem that carries serious health risks .
Dr.Kevin Volpp of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine was looking for an effective way to treat obese , a prevalent problem that carries serious health risks .
Dr.Kevin Volpp of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine was looking for an effective way to treat obese , a growing problem that poses serious health risks .
Dr.Kevin Volpp of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine was looking for an effective method to treat obese , a growing problem that carries serious health risks .
Dr.Kevin Volpp of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine was looking for an effective way to treat obese , a growing problem that carries health risks .
Dr.Kevin Volpp of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine was busy looking for an effective way to treat obese , a growing problem that carries serious health risks .
He said many weight-loss programs fail before people are being asked to make sacrifices now .
He said numberous weight-loss programs fail before people are being asked to make sacrifices now .
He said many weight-loss programs fail before people are being forced to make sacrifices now .
A sociologist said many weight-loss programs fail before people are being asked to make sacrifices now .
He said many weight-loss programs fail before people are being asked to make sacrifices .
He said many weight-loss programs fail before people are often being asked to make sacrifices now .
Volpp and colleagues studied two kinds of incentive programs for weight loss . One was a lottery-based design in which participants played a lottery and were allowed to collect their winnings if they met their weight-loss target . The other was a deposit contract , in which participants invested small amount of their own money which they would lose at the end of the month if they succeeded to reach their goals . People in this group also got a bonus if they met their goal .
Volpp and colleagues studied two kinds of incentive programs for weight loss . One was a lottery-based design in which participants played a lottery and received their winnings if they met their weight-loss target . The other was a deposit contract , in which participants invested small amount of their own money which they would lose at the end of the month if they succeeded to reach their goals . People in this group also got a bonus if they met their goal .
Volpp and colleagues studied two kinds of incentive programs for weight loss . One was a lottery-based design in which participants played a lottery and were allowed to collect their winnings if they achieved their weight-loss target . The other was a deposit contract , in which participants invested small amount of their own money which they would lose at the end of the month if they succeeded to reach their goals . People in this group also got a bonus if they met their goal .
Volpp and colleagues studied two kinds of incentive programs for weight loss . One was a lottery-based design in which participants played a lottery and were allowed to collect their winnings if they met their weight-loss goal . The other was a deposit contract , in which participants invested small amount of their own money which they would lose at the end of the month if they succeeded to reach their goals . People in this group also got a bonus if they met their goal .
Volpp and colleagues studied two kinds of programs for weight loss . One was a lottery-based design in which participants played a lottery and were allowed to collect their winnings if they met their weight-loss target . The other was a deposit contract , in which participants invested small amount of their own money which they would lose at the end of the month if they succeeded to reach their goals . People in this group also got a bonus if they met their goal .
Volpp and colleagues studied two kinds of incentive programs for weight loss . One was a lottery-based design in which participants played a lottery and were allowed to collect their winnings if they finally met their weight-loss target . The other was a deposit contract , in which participants invested small amount of their own money which they would lose at the end of the month if they succeeded to reach their goals . People in this group also got a bonus if they met their goal .
The researchers resigned 57 obese but otherwise healthy people to one of these two groups or a control group , in which people were simply weighed at the end of each month .
The experts resigned 57 obese but otherwise healthy people to one of these two groups or a control group , in which people were simply weighed at the end of each month .
The researchers resigned 58 obese but otherwise healthy people to one of these two groups or a control group , in which people were simply weighed at the last day of each month .
The researchers resigned 57 obese but otherwise healthy people to one of these two groups or a control group , in which participants were simply weighed at the end of each month .
The researchers resigned 57 obese but otherwise healthy people to one of these two groups or a control group , in which people were weighed at the end of each month .
The researchers resigned 57 obese but otherwise healthy people to one of these two groups or a control group , in which people were simply weighed at the very end of each month .
All were aimed to lose 7.26 kg by the end of four months .
All were aimed to lose 7.26 kg in four months .
All were aimed to lose 7.26 kg by the end of four months .
They were aimed to lose 7.27 kg by the end of four months .
All are aimed to lose 7.26 kg by this time next week .
All were aimed to lose 7.26 kg by the end of four months .
People in the incentive groups lost far more weight than that who got no pay for their efforts , with about half of the participants in each group meet their weight loss goals .
People in the incentive groups lost far more weight than that who got no pay for their efforts to lose weight , with about half of the participants in each group meet their weight loss goals .
People in the incentive groups lost far more weight than that who did not receive any compensation for their efforts , with about half of the participants in each group meet their weight loss goals .
Members in the incentive groups lost far more weight than that who got no pay for their efforts , with about half of the participants in each group meet their weight loss goals .
People in the incentive groups lost far more weight than that who got no pay for their efforts , with about half of the participants in each group meet their weight loss targets .
People in the incentive groups lost more weight than that who got no pay for their efforts , with about half of the participants in each group meet their weight loss goals .
For decades , the television was the flagship of any consumer-electronics product line-up . In all the gadgets in the home , the TV held the most prominent real estate in the living room , cost the most to buy , and carry the biggest brand mark . And for consumer electronics makers who manufactured them , selling TVs was a good business .
For decades , the television was the flagship of any consumer-electronics product line-up . In all the gadgets in the home , the TV occupied the most prominent real estate in the living room , cost the most to buy , and carry the biggest brand mark . And for consumer electronics makers who manufactured them , selling TVs was a good business .
For decades , the television was the flagship of any consumer-electronics product line-up . In all the gadgets in the home , the TV held the most prominent position in the living room , cost the most to buy , and carry the biggest brand mark . And for consumer electronics makers who manufactured them , selling TVs was a good business .
For decades , the television was the flagship of any consumer-electronics product line-up . In all the gadgets in the home , the TV held the most prominent real estate in the living room , cost the most to purchase , and carry the biggest brand mark . And for consumer electronics makers who manufactured them , selling TVs was a good business .
For decades , the television was the flagship of consumer-electronics product line-up . In all the gadgets in the home , the TV held the most prominent real estate in the living room , cost the most to buy , and carry the biggest brand mark . And for consumer electronics makers who manufactured them , selling TVs was a good business .
For decades , the television was the flagship of any consumer-electronics product line-up . In all the gadgets in the home , the TV held the most prominent real estate in the living room , cost the most to buy , and carry the biggest brand mark . And for consumer electronics makers who manufactured them , selling TVs was a good and profitable business .
As the bulky cathode-ray tube televisions of the past turned into the sleek , flat-screen televisions of today , another shift started to occur . The price competition was merciful and unrelenting since the televisions were hard to differentiate .
As the bulky cathode-ray tube televisions of the past turned into the sleek , flat-screen televisions of today , another change started to occur . The price competition was merciful and unrelenting since the televisions were hard to differentiate .
As the bulky cathode-ray tube televisions of the past turned into the sleek , flat-screen televisions of today , another shift started to happen . The price competition was merciful and unrelenting since the televisions were hard to differentiate .
As the bulky cathode-ray tube televisions of the past turned into the sleek , flat-screen televisions of today , another shift started to occur . The price competition was merciful and relentless since the televisions were hard to differentiate .
As the bulky cathode-ray tube televisions of the past turned into the sleek , flat-screen televisions of today , another shift started to occur . The competition was merciful and unrelenting since the televisions were hard to differentiate .
As the bulky cathode-ray tube televisions of the past turned into the sleek , flat-screen televisions of today , another big shift started to occur . The price competition was merciful and unrelenting since the televisions were hard to differentiate .
Even so consumers were buying more televisions than ever , TV makers struggled to turn a profit .
Even so consumers were buying more televisions than ever , TV manufacturers struggled to turn a profit .
Even so consumers were buying more televisions than ever , TV makers struggled to make a profit .
Even so consumers were buying more televisions than ever , TV makers had trouble to turn a profit .
Even so consumers were buying more televisions than ever , makers struggled to turn a profit .
Even so consumers were buying more televisions than ever , TV makers still struggled to turn a profit .
Now , another shift is taking place , and it is threatening to rob televisions their prominenceand valuein the home .
Now , another shift is taking place , and it is threatening to rob televisions their importanceand valuein the home .
Now , another shift is taking place , and it is threatening to rob televisions their prominenceand worthin the home .
Now , a dramatic shift is taking place , and it is threatening to rob televisions their prominenceand valuein the home .
Now , another shift is taking place , and it is threatening to rob televisions prominenceand valuein the home .
Now , another big shift is taking place , and it is threatening to rob televisions their prominenceand valuein the home .
With more people streaming or downloading video as an alternation to cable or satellite broadcast , more consumers are watching TV shows and movies on smartphones , tablets and laptops .
With more people streaming or downloading video as an alternation to cable or satellite broadcast , more consumers are watching TV shows and films on smartphones , tablets and laptops .
With more people streaming or downloading video as an alternation to cable or satellite broadcast , more consumers are watching TV shows and movies on cellphones , tablets and laptops .
With more people streaming or downloading video as an alternation to cable or satellite broadcast , more consumers are watching TV shows and movies on smartphones , ipads and laptops .
With more people streaming or downloading video as an alternation to cable or satellite broadcast , more consumers are watching shows and movies on smartphones , tablets and laptops .
With more and more people streaming or downloading video as an alternation to cable or satellite broadcast , more consumers are watching TV shows and movies on smartphones , tablets and laptops .
The television , meanwhile , may become just another screen . " That 's a very real possibility , " says Paul Gagnon , the director of North American TV research for DisplaySearch , a market-research firm based in Santa Clara , Calif .
The television , meanwhile , may become an additional screen . " That 's a very real possibility , " says Paul Gagnon , the director of North American TV research for DisplaySearch , a market-research firm based in Santa Clara , Calif .
The television , meanwhile , may become just another screen . " That 's a very real possibility , " says Paul Gagnon , the CEO of North American TV research for DisplaySearch , a market-research firm based in Santa Clara , Calif .
The television , meanwhile , may become just another screen . " That 's a very real possibility , " says Paul Gagnon , the director of North American TV research for DisplaySearch , a market-research company based in Santa Clara , Calif .
The television , meanwhile , may become another screen . " That 's a very real possibility , " says Paul Gagnon , the director of North American TV research for DisplaySearch , a market-research firm based in Santa Clara , Calif .
The television now , meanwhile , may become just another screen . " That 's a very real possibility , " says Paul Gagnon , the director of North American TV research for DisplaySearch , a market-research firm based in Santa Clara , Calif .
When televisions end up becoming just another monitor , he says , " that is a low-profit , no money business with just a handful of players . "
When televisions end up becoming just another monitor , he claims , " that is a low-profit , no money business with just a handful of players . "
When televisions end up becoming just another monitor , he says , " that is a low-profit , no money business with only a few of players . "
When televisions end up becoming just another monitor , he says , " that is a low-profit , no money business with just a handful of participants . "
When televisions end up becoming just another monitor , he says , " that is a low-profit , no money business with a handful of players . "
When televisions end up becoming just another kind of monitor , he says , " that is a low-profit , no money business with just a handful of players . "
To stay ahead of changing viewing habits , television makers are pushing Web-connected televisions loading with applications .
To stay ahead of changing viewing habits , television producers are pushing Web-connected televisions loading with applications .
To stay ahead of changing viewing habits , television makers are pushing Web-connected televisions loading with apps .
To stay ahead of changing viewing habits , television makers are promoting Web-connected televisions loading with applications .
To stay ahead of changing viewing habits , makers are pushing Web-connected televisions loading with applications .
To stay ahead of changing viewing habits , television makers are busy pushing Web-connected televisions loading with applications .
Web TVs count for about a quarter of all new flat-panel televisions this year , rising to about half of all shipments in three years , according to DisplaySearch .
This year , web TVs count for about a quarter of all new flat-panel televisions , rising to about half of all shipments in three years , according to DisplaySearch .
Web TVs count for about a quarter of the latest flat-panel televisions this year , rising to about half of all shipments in three years , according to DisplaySearch .
Web TVs count for about a quarter of all new flat-panel televisions this year , rising to almost half of all shipments in three years , according to DisplaySearch .
Web TVs count for about a quarter of all new flat-panel televisions this year , increasing to about half of all shipments in three years , according to DisplaySearch .
Web TVs count for a quarter of all new flat-panel televisions this year , rising to about half of all shipments in three years , according to DisplaySearch .
Americans find it difficult to engage in any activity for pure pleasure . We have to have a higher aima purposefor every moment of time . For example , children take classes or join clubs to increase their self-esteem , build talent , or try out a potential career . Adults attend parties to make business contacts , garden to rise vegetables , and mow the lawn to meet neighborhood standards .
Americans find it difficult to engage in any activity for sheer pleasure . We have to have a higher aima purposefor every moment of time . For example , children take classes or join clubs to increase their self-esteem , build talent , or try out a potential career . Adults attend parties to make business contacts , garden to rise vegetables , and mow the lawn to meet neighborhood standards .
Americans find it difficult to engage in any activity for pure pleasure . We have to have a higher aima purpose at all times . For example , children take classes or join clubs to increase their self-esteem , build talent , or try out a potential career . Adults attend parties to make business contacts , garden to rise vegetables , and mow the lawn to meet neighborhood standards .
Americans find it difficult to engage in any activity for pure pleasure . We have to have a higher goala purposefor every moment of time . For example , children take classes or join clubs to increase their self-esteem , build talent , or try out a potential career . Adults attend parties to make business contacts , garden to rise vegetables , and mow the lawn to meet neighborhood standards .
Americans find it difficult to engage in activity for pure pleasure . We have to have a higher aima purposefor every moment of time . For example , children take classes or join clubs to increase their self-esteem , build talent , or try out a potential career . Adults attend parties to make business contacts , garden to rise vegetables , and mow the lawn to meet neighborhood standards .
Americans find it difficult to engage in any activity for pure pleasure . We have to have a higher aima purposefor every moment of time . For example , children tend to take classes or join clubs to increase their self-esteem , build talent , or try out a potential career . Adults attend parties to make business contacts , garden to rise vegetables , and mow the lawn to meet neighborhood standards .
I 'm here to tell you about one of my guilt pleasures .
I 'm here to confess one of my guilt pleasures .
I 'm reluctant to tell you about one of my guilt pleasures .
It is one of my guilt pleasures .
I 'm here to tell you one of my guilt pleasures .
I 'm here to tell you again about one of my guilt pleasures .
It does n't cost a thing , takes a little time , and brings me lots of personal fulfillment . Best of all , you can indulge in it for sheer enjoyment .
It does n't cost a thing , takes a little time , and brings me a great deal of personal fulfillment . Best of all , you can indulge in it for sheer enjoyment .
It does n't cost a thing , takes a little time , and brings me lots of inner satisfaction . Best of all , you can indulge in it for sheer enjoyment .
It does n't cost a thing , takes a little time , and brings me lots of personal fulfillment . Best of all , you can indulge in it for pure enjoyment .
It does n't cost a thing , takes a little time , and brings me lots of personal fulfillment . Best of all , you can indulge in it for enjoyment .
It does n't cost a thing , takes a little time , and brings me lots of personal fulfillment . Best of all , you and your friends can indulge in it for sheer enjoyment .
It is walking . There is something about walking that is different from jogging . When I 'm jogging , I 'm instantly challenging myself to go farther or faster , sweat more , and breath harder .
It is walking . There is something about walking that distinguishes it from jogging . When I 'm jogging , I 'm instantly challenging myself to go farther or faster , sweat more , and breath harder .
It is walking . There is something about walking that is different from strolling . When I 'm strolling , I 'm instantly challenging myself to go farther or faster , sweat more , and breath harder .
It is walking . There is something about walking that is different from jogging . When I 'm jogging , I 'm instantly challenging myself to go farther or faster , sweat more , and breath deeper .
It is walking . There is something about walking that is different from jogging . When I 'm jogging , I 'm instantly forcing myself to go farther or faster , sweat more , and breath harder .
It is walking . There is something about walking that is different from jogging . When I 'm jogging , I 'm instantly challenging myself to go farther or faster , sweat , and breath harder .
And when I 'm walking , I 'm taking time to go outside and put one foot in front of another while I look around , blink , and feel the sun and the wind .
And when I 'm walking , I 'm taking time to go outside and relax completely while I look around , blink , and feel the sun and the wind .
And when I 'm walking , I 'm taking time to go outside and put one foot in front of another while I look around , blink , and feel the beauties of nature .
And when I 'm walking , I 'm taking time to think deeply while I look around , blink , and feel the sun and the wind .
And when I 'm walking , I 'm taking time to go outside and it's an enjoyable experience while I look around , blink , and feel the sun and the wind .
And when I 'm walking on the weekend, I 'm taking time to go outside and put one foot in front of another while I look around , blink , and feel the sun and the wind .
When I walk , I am submerged myself in life .
When I walk , I am submerged myself in the meaning of life .
When I walk , I am completely submerged myself in life .
When I wander around , I am submerged myself in life .
When I walk , I am submerged in life .
When I walk in the garden , I am submerged myself in life .
On walks , I confront myself , too . There 's avoiding my recent irrational response to the neighbor with straying trash or the petty argument I started with my husband .
On walks , I confront myself , too . There 's avoiding my recent emotional response to the neighbor with straying trash or the petty argument I started with my husband .
On walks , I confront myself , too . There 's avoiding my recent irrational response to the neighbor with straying trash or the domestic trifles I started with my husband .
On walks , I confront myself , too . There 's avoiding my recent irrational response to the neighbor with straying trash or the petty argument I squabbled with my husband .
On walks , I confront myself , too . There 's avoiding my irrational response to the neighbor with straying trash or the petty argument I started with my husband .
On walks , I confront myself , too . There 's avoiding my recent irrational response to the neighbor with straying trash or the petty argument I started with my lovely husband .
While I walk , I put into perspective that is important to me .
When I walk , I put into perspective that is important to me .
While I reflect on my life , I put into perspective that is important to me .
While I walk , I put into perspective that is of importance to me .
While I walk , I attempt to put into perspective that is important to me .
I put into perspective that is important to me .
Artist Winslow Homer said , " The sun will not rise , or set , without my notice and my thanks . " Where else can you notice the sun 's movements besides on a walk-an opportunity to appreciate joy in the world for its very existence ?
Artist Winslow Homer said , " The sun will not rise , or set , without my notice . " Where else can you notice the sun 's movements besides on a walk-an opportunity to appreciate joy in the world for its very existence ?
Artist Winslow Homer said , " The sun will not rise , or set , without my notice and my thanks . " How can you notice the sun 's movements besides on a walk-an opportunity to appreciate joy in the world for its very existence ?
Artist Winslow Homer said , " The sun will not rise , or set , without my notice and my thanks . " Where else can you cast a glance at the sun 's movements besides on a walk-an opportunity to appreciate joy in the world for its very existence ?
Artist Winslow Homer said , " The sun will not rise , or set , without my notice and my thanks . " Where else can you notice the sun 's movements besides on a walk-an opportunity to appreciate euphoria in the world for its very existence ?
Artist Winslow Homer gently said , " The sun will not rise , or set , without my notice and my thanks . " Where else can you notice the sun 's movements besides on a walk-an opportunity to appreciate joy in the world for its very existence ?
It is a success in so far as more women retain their youthful appearance to a greater age than in the past . " Old ladies " are already becoming rare . In a few years , we may well believe , they will be extinctive .
It is a success in so far as more women belie her ages and retain their youthful appearance to a greater age than in the past . " Old ladies " are already becoming rare . In a few years , we may well believe , they will be extinctive .
It is a success in so far as more women retain their youthful appearance to a greater age than in the past . " Elderly ladies " are already becoming rare . In a few years , we may well believe , they will be extinctive .
It is a success in so far as more women retain their youthful appearance to a greater age than in the past . " Old ladies " are already becoming an outmoded phrase . In a few years , we may well believe , they will be extinctive .
It is a success in so far as more women retain their youthful appearance to a greater age than in the past . " Old ladies " are already becoming rare . In a few years , we may well believe , they will most likely be extinctive .
It is a success in so far as more women retain their youthful appearance to a greater age than in the past . " Old ladies " are becoming rare . In a few years , we may well believe , they will be extinctive .
Ugliness is one of the symptoms of disease . In so far as the campaign for more beauty is also a campaign for more health , it is admirable but genuinely successful .
Ugliness is one of the incipient symptoms of disease . In so far as the campaign for more beauty is also a campaign for more health , it is admirable but genuinely successful .
Ugliness is one of the symptoms of disease . In so far as the campaign for more beauty is also a campaign for more medicare, it is admirable but genuinely successful .
Ugliness is one of the symptoms of disease . In so far as the campaign for more beauty is also a campaign for more health , it is reasonable but genuinely successful .
Ugliness is one of the symptoms of disease . In so far as the campaign for more beauty is also the equivalent of the campaign for more health , it is admirable but genuinely successful .
Ugliness is one of the symptoms of disease . In so far as the campaign for more beauty is also a campaign for more health , it is admirable but successful .
Beauty that is merely the artificial shadow of these symptoms of health is intrinsically poorer quality than the genuine article .
Beauty that is merely the artificial shadow of these symptoms of health is inherently poorer quality than the genuine article .
Beauty that is merely the artificial reflection of these symptoms of health is intrinsically poorer quality than the genuine article .
Beauty that is merely the artificial shadow of these symptoms of health is intrinsically poorer quality than the authentic article .
Beauty that is the artificial shadow of these symptoms of health is intrinsically poorer quality than the genuine article .
Beauty that is merely the artificial shadow of these different kinds of symptoms of health is intrinsically poorer quality than the genuine article .
The apparatus for mimicking the symptoms of health is now within the reach of every moderately prosperity person ; the knowledge of the way in which real health can be achieved is growing , and will in time , no doubt , universally acted upon .
The equipment for mimicking the symptoms of health is now within the reach of every moderately prosperity person ; the knowledge of the way in which real health can be achieved is growing , and will in time , no doubt , universally acted upon .
The apparatus for mimicking and simulating the symptoms of health is now within the reach of every moderately prosperity person ; the knowledge of the way in which real health can be achieved is growing , and will in time , no doubt , universally acted upon .
The apparatus for mimicking the symptoms of health is now readily accessible to every moderately prosperity person ; the knowledge of the way in which real health can be achieved is growing , and will in time , no doubt , universally acted upon .
The apparatus for mimicking the symptoms of health is now within the reach of every moderately prosperity person ; the knowledge of the way real health can be achieved is growing , and will in time , no doubt , universally acted upon .
The apparatus for mimicking the symptoms of health is now within the reach of every moderately prosperity person ; the knowledge of the way in which real health can be achieved is growing , and will in time , no doubt , commonly acted upon .
When that happy moment comes , will every woman be beautiful-as beautiful , at any rate , as the natural shape of his features , with or without surgical and chemical aid permits ?
When that happy moment comes , will every woman be beautiful-as beautiful , at least , as the natural shape of his features , with or without surgical and chemical aid permits ?
When that happy moment comes , will every woman be beautiful-as beautiful , at any rate , as the natural shape of his features , with or without surgical and cosmetic aid permits ?
When that happy moment is just around the corner , will every woman be beautiful-as beautiful , at any rate , as the natural shape of his features , with or without surgical and chemical aid permits ?
When that happy moment comes , will every woman be beautiful-as beautiful , at any rate , as the natural shape of his features , with surgical and chemical aid permits ?
When that happy moment comes around , will every woman be beautiful-as beautiful , at any rate , as the natural shape of his features , with or without surgical and chemical aid permits ?
The answer is obvious : No . For real beauty is as much an affair of the inner as the outer self .
The answer is completely unequivocal : No . For real beauty is as much an affair of the inner as the outer self .
The answer inferred from the paper is obvious : No . For real beauty is as much an affair of the inner as the outer self .
The answer is obvious : No . Because real beauty is as much an affair of the inner as the outer self .
The answer is obvious : No . For real beauty is as much an affair of the intrinsic as the extrinsic self .
The answer is obvious : No . For beauty is as much an affair of the inner as the outer self .
The beauty of a porcelain jar is the matter of shape , of colour , of surface texture .
The beauty of a formal dress is the matter of shape , of colour , of surface texture .
The charm of a porcelain jar is the matter of shape , of colour , of surface texture .
The beauty of a porcelain jar displayed in the exibition hall is the matter of shape , of colour , of surface texture .
The beauty of a porcelain jar is the matter of design, of colour , of surface texture .
The beauty of a porcelain jar is the matter of of colour , of surface texture .
The jar may be empty or tenanted by spiders , full of honey or stinking slimeit makes no difference as to its beauty or ugliness .
The jar may be empty or inhabited by spiders , full of honey or stinking slimeit makes no difference as to its beauty or ugliness .
The jar may be tenanted by spiders , full of honey or stinking slimeit makes no difference as to its beauty or ugliness .
The jar may be empty or tenanted by spiders , full of blossom or stinking slimeit makes no difference as to its beauty or ugliness .
The vase may be empty or tenanted by spiders , full of honey or stinking slimeit makes no difference as to its beauty or ugliness .
The jar in the basement may be empty or tenanted by spiders , full of honey or stinking slimeit makes no difference as to its beauty or ugliness .
But a woman is lively , and her beauty is therefore not skin deep . The surface of the human vessel is affected by the nature of its spiritual contents .
But a woman is lively , and her beauty is therefore not skin deep . The surface of the human vessel is influenced by the nature of its spiritual contents .
But a lady in a modern city is lively , and her beauty is therefore not skin deep . The surface of the human vessel is affected by the nature of its spiritual contents .
But a woman is lively , and her beauty is therefore not skin deep . The surface of the human vessel is affected by the nature of its spiritual contents rather than physical ones .
But a woman is lively , and her beauty is therefore not skin deep . The outer layer of the human vessel is affected by the nature of its spiritual contents .
But a woman is lively , and her beauty is not skin deep . The surface of the human vessel is affected by the nature of its spiritual contents .
The debate about problem drinking and how to stop it nowadays centres most on the working-class young .
The debate stemming from problem drinking and how to stop it nowadays centres most on the working-class young .
The debate about problem drinking and how to curb it nowadays centres most on the working-class young .
The debate about problem drinking and how to stop it nowadays focused most on the working-class young .
The debate about problem drinking and how to stop it nowadays centres most on the young .
The debate that is about problem drinking and how to stop it nowadays centres most on the working-class young .
They are highly visibleand inaudibleas they clog city centres on Saturday nights .
They are highly conspicousand inaudibleas they clog city centres on Saturday nights .
The limousines are highly visibleand inaudibleas they clog city centres on Saturday nights .
They are highly visibleand inaudibleas they swarm into city centres on Saturday nights .
They are highly inaudibleas they clog city centres on Saturday nights .
They are highly visibleand inaudibleas they clog city centres on Saturday and Sunday nights .
But a chapter in a forthcoming book , Intorication and Society , by Philip Withington , a Cambridge historian , argues that it was the educated elite whom taught Britons how to drink to excess .
Intorication and Society , by Philip Withington , a Cambridge historian , argues that it was the educated elite whom taught Britons how to drink to excess .
But a chapter in a forthcoming book , Intorication and Society , by Philip Withington , a Cambridge historian , reckons that it was the educated elite whom taught Britons how to drink to excess .
But a chapter in a forthcoming book , Intorication and Society , by Philip Withington , a Cambridge historian , argues that it was the educated elite whom taught the British citizens how to drink to excess .
But a chapter in a forthcoming book , Intorication and Society , written by Philip Withington , a Cambridge historian , argues that it was the educated elite whom taught Britons how to drink to excess .
But a chapter in a forthcoming book , Intorication and Society , by Philip Withington , a Cambridge historian , argues that it was the educated elite whom taught Britons how to drink to excess and seek self-indulgence .
In the 17th century , England experienced a rise in educational enrolment unsurpassedly until the early 20th century . Illiteracy inclined and the universities of Cambridge and Oxford , as well as the Inns of Court and Chancery where barristers learned their craft , brimming with affluent young men .
In the 17th century , England experienced a surge in educational enrolment unsurpassedly until the early 20th century . Illiteracy inclined and the universities of Cambridge and Oxford , as well as the Inns of Court and Chancery where barristers learned their craft , brimming with affluent young men .
In the 17th century , England experienced a rise in educational enrolment unsurpassedly until the early 20th century . Illiteracy inclined and the universities of Cambridge and Oxford , as well as the Inns of Court and Chancery where barristers learned their craft , brimming with affluent young men instead of impoverished ones .
In the 17th century , England experienced a rise in educational enrolment unsurpassedly until the early 21th century . Illiteracy inclined and the universities of Cambridge and Oxford , as well as the Inns of Court and Chancery where barristers honed their skills , brimming with affluent young men .
In the 17th century , England experienced a rise in educational enrolment unsurpassedly until the early 20th century . Illiteracy inclined and the higher education institutions invoving Cambridge and Oxford , as well as the Inns of Court and Chancery where barristers learned their craft , brimming with affluent young men .
In the 17th century , England experienced a rise in educational enrolment until the early 20th century . Illiteracy inclined and the universities of Cambridge and Oxford , as well as the Inns of Court and Chancery where barristers learned their craft , brimming with affluent young men .
This was the crucial period which modern drinking culture was formed .
This was the critical period which modern drinking culture was formed .
This was the crucial period which modern drinking culture came into being .
The industrial revolution was the crucial period which modern drinking culture was formed .
This was the crucial period which modern drinking and smoking culture was formed .
This was the period which modern drinking culture was formed .
Mr Withington 's description of 17th-century drinking practices will sound familiar to anybody who has been within a few miles of a British university . It was characterised by two conflicting aims . Men were to consume large qualities of alcohol in keeping with conventions of excess .
Mr Withington 's description of 17th-century drinking practices will sound familiar to anybody who has been within a few miles of a British university . It was characterised by two conflicting aims . Men were to consume large qualities of alcohol in accordance with conventions of excess .
Mr Withington 's description of 17th-century drinking practices will sound not unfamiliar to anybody who has been within a few miles of a British university . It was characterised by two conflicting aims . Men were to consume large qualities of alcohol in keeping with conventions of excess .
Mr Withington 's description of 18th-century drinking practices will sound familiar to anybody who has been dwelling within a few miles of a British university . It was characterised by two conflicting aims . Men were to consume large qualities of alcohol in keeping with conventions of excess .
Mr Withington 's description of 17th-century drinking practices will sound familiar to anybody who has been within a few miles of a British university . It featured two conflicting aims . Men were to consume large qualities of alcohol in keeping with conventions of excess .
Mr Withington 's description of 17th-century drinking practices will sound familiar to anybody who has been within a few miles of a British university . It was characterised by two aims . Men were to consume large qualities of alcohol in keeping with conventions of excess .
Yet they also supposed to remain in control of their faculties , bantering and displaying wit . Students and would-be lawyers formed drinking societies , where they learned the socialand drinkingskills required of gentlemen .
Yet they also supposed to remain in control of their faculties , displaying wit . Students and would-be lawyers formed drinking societies , where they learned the socialand drinkingskills required of gentlemen .
Yet they also supposed to remain in control of their faculties , bantering and displaying wit . Students and would-be lawyers contributed to drinking societies , where they learned the socialand drinkingskills required of gentlemen .
Yet they also supposed to remain in control of their faculties and devices , bantering and displaying wit . Students and would-be lawyers formed drinking societies , where they learned the socialand drinkingskills required of gentlemen .
Yet they also supposed to remain in control of their faculties , bantering and displaying wit . Students and would-be lawyers formed drinking societies , where they learned the socialand drinkingskills needed to be gentlemen .
Yet they also supposed to remain in control of their faculties , bantering and displaying wit . Students and would-be lawyers formed modern drinking societies , where they learned the socialand drinkingskills required of gentlemen .
A market in instruction quickly emerged . Collections filled with jokes , quotes and fun facts proliferated , prormised to teach , as John Cotgrave 's Wits Interpreter put it , " the art of drinking , by a most learned method " .
A market in instruction quickly emerged . Collections filled with jokes , quotes and fun facts proliferated , prormised to teach , as John Cotgrave 's Wits Interpreter commented , " the art of drinking , by a most learned method " .
A market in instruction quickly emerged . Collections teeming with jokes , quotes and fun facts proliferated , prormised to teach , as John Cotgrave 's Wits Interpreter put it , " the art of drinking , by a most learned method " .
A market in instruction quickly emerged . Collections filled with jokes , quotes and fun facts proliferated , prormised to teach , as John Cotgrave 's Wits Interpreter put it , " the art of drinking , by a most scholarly method " .
A market in instruction quickly emerged . Collections filled with jokes , quotes proliferated , prormised to teach , as John Cotgrave 's Wits Interpreter put it , " the art of drinking , by a most learned method " .
A market in instruction quickly emerged . Collections filled with funny jokes , quotes and fun facts proliferated , prormised to teach , as John Cotgrave 's Wits Interpreter put it , " the art of drinking , by a most learned method " .
Mirroring the standardisation of language after the invention of the printing press , codes of intoxication were disseminated to many a wider audience as society became more literate and censorship declined .
Mirroring the standardisation of language after the advent of the printing press , codes of intoxication were disseminated to many a wider audience as society became more literate and censorship declined .
Mirroring the standardisation of language after the invention of the printing press , codes of captivation were disseminated to many a wider audience as society became more literate and censorship declined .
Mirroring the standardisation of language after the invention of the printing press , codes of intoxication were disseminated to many a wider audience as society became more literate .
Mirroring the standardisation of language after the invention of the printing press , codes of intoxication were disseminated to many a wider audience as society became increasingly educated and censorship declined .
Mirroring the standardisation of language after the invention of the printing press , codes of intoxication were disseminated to many a wider range of audience as society became more literate and censorship declined .
Engaging in a hobby like reading a book , making a patchwork quilt or even playing computer games can delay the onset of dementia , a US study suggests . Watching TV but does not countand indeed spending significant periods of time in front of the box may speed up with memory loss , researchers found .
Engaging in a hobby like reading a book , making a patchwork quilt or even playing computer games can delay the occurrence of dementia , a US study suggests . Watching TV but does not countand indeed spending significant periods of time in front of the box may speed up with memory loss , researchers found .
Engaging in a hobby like reading a book , making a patchwork quilt or even playing computer games can delay the onset of dementia , as suggested in a US study . Watching TV but does not countand indeed spending significant periods of time in front of the box may speed up with memory loss , researchers found .
Engaging in a hobby like reading a book , making a patchwork quilt or even playing computer games can delay the onset of dementia , a US study suggests . Watching TV but does not countand indeed spending significant periods of time in front of the computer screens may speed up with memory loss , researchers found .
Engaging in a hobby like reading a book , making a patchwork quilt or even playing computer games can delay the onset of dementia , a US study suggests . Watching TV but does not countand indeed spending significant periods of time in front of the box may accelerate with memory loss , researchers found .
Engaging in a hobby like reading a book , making a patchwork quilt orplaying computer games can delay the onset of dementia , a US study suggests . Watching TV but does not countand indeed spending significant periods of time in front of the box may speed up with memory loss , researchers found .
Nearly 200 people aged 70 to 89 with mild memory problems were compared to a group who had no impairment .
Nearly 200 people aged 70 to 89 with mild memory problems were compared to a group who had no memory defects .
Nearly 200 people aged 70 to 89 in the United States with mild memory problems were compared to a group who had no impairment .
Nearly 200 people aged 70 to 90 with mild memory problems were compared to a group who had no obvious impairment .
Nearly 200 people aged 70 to 89 with slight memory problems were compared to a group who had no impairment .
Nearly 200 people aged 70 to 89 with memory problems were compared to a group who had no impairment .
The researchers from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota asked the volunteers about their daily activities within the past year and how mental active they had been between the age of 50 to 65 .
The researchers from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota asked the volunteers about their daily activities within the past couple of months and how mental active they had been between the age of 50 to 65 .
The researchers from the Mayo Clinic in Maryland asked the volunteers about their daily activities within the past year and how mental active they had been between the age of 50 to 65 .
The researchers from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota asked the volunteers about their daily activities and lifestyles within the past year and how mental active they had been between the age of 50 to 66 .
The researchers from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota asked the volunteers chosen from local communities about their daily activities within the past year and how mental active they had been between the age of 50 to 65 .
The researchers from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota asked the volunteers about daily activities within the past year and how mental active they had been between the age of 50 to 65 .
Those who had during middle age busy reading , playing games or engaging in craft hobbies like patchworking or knitting was found to have a 40 % reduced risk of memory impairment .
Those who had during adolescence busy reading , playing games or engaging in craft hobbies like patchworking or knitting was found to have a 40 % reduced risk of memory impairment .
Those who had during middle age occupied with reading , playing games or engaging in craft hobbies like patchworking or knitting was found to have a 40 % reduced risk of memory impairment .
Those who had during middle age busy reading , playing games or engaging in craft hobbies like patchworking was found to have a 40 % reduced risk of memory impairment .
Those who had during middle age busy reading , playing games or getting involved in craft hobbies like patchworking or knitting was found to have a 41 % reduced risk of memory impairment .
Those who had during middle age busy reading , playing games or engaging in craft hobbies like patchworking or knitting was found to have a 40 % reduced risk of memory impairment when old.
In later life , those same activities reduced the risk by between 30 and 50 % . Those who watched TV for less than 7 hours a day were also 50 % more likely to develop memory loss than those who spent longer than that staring at the screen .
In their adulthood , those same activities reduced the risk by between 30 and 50 % . Those who watched TV for less than 7 hours a day were also 50 % more likely to develop memory loss than those who spent longer than that staring at the screen .
In later life , those same activities reduced the risk by between 30 and 50 % . Those who watched TV for less than 7 hours a day were also 51 % more likely to suffer from memory loss than those who spent longer than that staring at the screen .
In later life , those same activities reduced the risk by between 30 and 50 % . Those who watched TV for less than 7 hours a day were also 50 % more likely to develop memory loss than those who spent longer than that sitting in the sofa and staring at the screen .
In later life , those activities reduced the risk by between 30 and 50 % . Those who watched TV for less than 7 hours a day were also 50 % more likely to develop memory loss than those who spent longer than that staring at the screen .
In later life , those same activities reduced the risk by between 30 and 50 % . Those who watched TV for less than 7 hours a day were also 50 % more likely to develop memory loss than those who spent much longer than that staring at the screen .
" This study is exciting because it demonstrates that age does not need to be a passive process , " said study author and neuroscientist Dr Yonas Geda .
" This study is exciting because it demonstrates that age does not have to be a passive process , " said study author and neuroscientist Dr Yonas Geda .
" This study released recently is exciting because it demonstrates that age does not need to be a passive process , " said study author and neuroscientist Dr Yonas Geda .
" This study is exciting because it demonstrates that age does not need to be a passive or positive process , " said study author and neuroscientist Dr Yonas Geda .
" This study is exciting and promising because it demonstrates that age does not need to be a passive process , " said study author and neuroscientist Dr Yonas Geda .
" This is exciting because it demonstrates that age does not need to be a passive process , " said study author and neuroscientist Dr Yonas Geda .
" By simply engaging in cognitive exercise , you can protect against future memory loss . Of course , the challenge with this type of research is what we are relying on past memories of the participants , therefore we need to conform these findings with additional research . "
" By simply engaging in cognitive exercise , you can prevent future memory loss . Of course , the challenge with this type of research is what we are relying on past memories of the participants , therefore we need to conform these findings with additional research . "
" By simply engaging in cognitive exercise , you can protect against future memory loss . Of course , the challenge with this type of research is what we are reliant on past memories of the participants , therefore we need to conform these findings with additional research . "
" By simply engaging in cognitive exercise , you can protect against future memory loss . Of course , the challenge with this type of research is what we are relying on past memories of the participants , consequently we need to conform these findings with additional research . "
" By simply engaging in cognitive exercise , you can retain the past memory and protect against future memory loss . Of course , the challenge with this type of research is what we are relying on past memories of the participants , therefore we need to conform these findings with additional research . "
" By engaging in cognitive exercise , you can protect against future memory loss . Of course , the challenge with this type of research is what we are relying on past memories of the participants , therefore we need to conform these findings with additional research . "
Forget fit , tanned and sporty-the new generation of Australians is fast becoming fat , pale and lazy . A love of junk food , television and computer games has sent the country 's waistline ballooning , with Australians weighing in as the world 's fattest nation after the United States .
Forget fit , tanned and sporty-the new generation of Australians is fast becoming fat , pale and slothful . A love of junk food , television and computer games has sent the country 's waistline ballooning , with Australians weighing in as the world 's fattest nation after the United States .
Forget fit , tanned and sporty-the new generation of Australians is fast becoming fat , pale and lazy . A love of junk food , television and computer games has sent the country 's waistline inflating , with Australians weighing in as the world 's fattest nation after the United States .
Forget fit , tanned and sporty-the new generation of Australians is increasingly becoming fat , pale and lazy . A love of junk food , television and computer games has sent the country 's waistline ballooning , with Australians weighing in as the world 's fattest nation after the United States .
Forget fit , tanned and sporty-the new generation of Australians is fast becoming fat , pale and lazy . A love of junk food , television and computer games in cyberspace has sent the country 's waistline ballooning , with Australians weighing in as the world 's fattest nation after the United States .
Forget fit , tanned and sporty-the new generation of Australians is becoming fat , pale and lazy . A love of junk food , television and computer games has sent the country 's waistline ballooning , with Australians weighing in as the world 's fattest nation after the United States .
Rather than hitting the beaches , thousands of young Australians are heading to the couch with a bag of popcorn , with one child in every four classifying as overweight or obese .
Rather than hitting the beaches , numerous young Australians are heading to the couch with a bag of popcorn , with one child in every four classifying as overweight or obese .
Rather than hitting the beaches , thousands of young Australians are heading to the couch with a bag of popcorn or chips , with one child in every four classifying as overweight or obese .
Rather than hitting the beaches , thousands of young Australians are leaving to the couch with a bag of popcorn , with one child in every four classifying as overweight or obese .
Rather than hitting the beaches or hilly regions , thousands of young Australians are heading to the couch with a bag of popcorn , with one child in every four classifying as overweight or obese .
Rather than hitting the beaches , thousands of Australians are heading to the couch with a bag of popcorn , with one child in every four classifying as overweight or obese .
The trend is squashing the widely-held imagery of Australians being sun-bronzed and superfit .
The trend is squashing the commonly believed imagery of Australians being sun-bronzed and superfit .
The current trend is squashing the widely-held imagery of Australians being sun-bronzed and superfit .
The trend is squashing the widely-held imagery of Austrians being sun-bronzed and superfit .
The trend is squashing the widely-held imagery of Australians being described as sun-bronzed and superfit .
The trend is squashing the imagery of Australians being sun-bronzed and superfit .
" The rate of obesity , particularly among children , seems to be going up faster in Australia than anywhere else in the world , and we do n't know why , " said Dr Peter Williams , the president of the Dietitians Association of Australia .
" The rate of obesity , particularly among children , is seemingly going up faster in Australia than anywhere else in the world , and we do n't know why , " said Dr Peter Williams , the president of the Dietitians Association of Australia .
" The rate of obesity , particularly among children , seems to be going up faster in Australia than anywhere else across the globe , and we do n't know why , " said Dr Peter Williams , the president of the Dietitians Association of Australia .
" The rate of obesity , particularly among children and the elderly , seems to be going up faster in Australia than anywhere else in the world , and we do n't know why , " said Dr Peter Williams , the president of the Dietitians Association of Australia .
" The rate of obesity , particularly among children , seems to be going up faster in Australia than anywhere else in the world , and we do n't know why , " said Dr Peter Williams , the president and sponsor of the Dietitians Association of Australia .
" The rate of obesity , particularly among children , seems to be going up faster in Australia than anywhere in the world , and we do n't know why , " said Dr Peter Williams , the president of the Dietitians Association of Australia .
A sedentary lifestyle and a changing diet has doubled the number of obese Australians and treble the army of fat children in the past decade , pushing direct health costs related to childhood obesity to about $ 380 million a year .
A sedentary lifestyle and a changing diet has doubled the number of obese Australians and treble the troop of fat children in the past decade , pushing direct health costs related to childhood obesity to about $ 380 million a year .
A sedentary lifestyle has doubled the number of obese Australians and treble the army of fat children in the past decade , pushing direct health costs related to childhood obesity to about $ 380 million a year .
A sedentary lifestyle and a changing diet has doubled the number of obese Australians and treble the army of fat children in the past decade , inflating direct health costs related to childhood obesity to about $ 381 million a year .
A sedentary lifestyle and a changing diet has doubled the number of obese Australians and treble the army of fat children in the past decade , pushing direct health costs related to childhood obesity to about $ 380 million annually .
A sedentary lifestyle and a changing diet has doubled the number of obese and unhealthy Australians and treble the army of fat children in the past decade , pushing direct health costs related to childhood obesity to about $ 380 million a year .
Data shows childhood obesity in Australia is rising at the rate of one percent a year , a trend suggests half of all young Australians will be overweight by 2025 .
Data shows childhood obesity in Australia is soaring at the rate of one percent a year , a trend suggests half of all young Australians will be overweight by 2025 .
Data shows childhood obesity in Australia is rising at the rate of one percent annually , a trend suggests half of all young Australians will be overweight by 2025 .
Data shows childhood obesity in Australia is rising at the rate of one percent a year , a trend indicates half of all young Australians will be overweight by 2026 .
Data shows childhood obesity in Australia is rising at the rate of one percent a year , a trend suggests approxiamtely half of all young Australians will be overweight by 2025 .
Data shows childhood obesity in Australia is rising at the rate of one percent a year , a trend suggests half of all Australians will be overweight by 2025 .
Australia 's rapid weight gained has health agencies and state governments racing to find ways to encourage people to get on their feet and shed some kilometersCwhile sending the weight-loss industry skipping to the bank , pocketing 81 billion a year .
Australia 's rapid weight gained has health agencies and state governments rushing to find ways to encourage people to get on their feet and shed some kilometersCwhile sending the weight-loss industry skipping to the bank , pocketing 81 billion a year .
Australia 's astonishingly rapid weight gained has health agencies and state governments racing to find ways to encourage people to get on their feet and shed some kilometersCwhile sending the weight-loss industry skipping to the bank , pocketing 81 billion a year .
Australia 's rapid weight gained has health agencies and state governments racing to find ways to encourage people to get on their feet and shed some kilometersCwhile sending the weight-loss industry skipping to the bank , raking in 82 billion a year .
Australia 's rapid weight gained has health agencies and state governments racing to find ways to encourage people to get on their feet and shed some kilometersCwhile sending the Australian-based weight-loss industry skipping to the bank , pocketing 81 billion a year .
Australia 's weight gained has health agencies and state governments racing to find ways to encourage people to get on their feet and shed some kilometersCwhile sending the weight-loss industry skipping to the bank , pocketing 81 billion a year .
Starting in the mid-1990s , major American cities began a radical transformation . Years of high violent crime rates , thefts , robberies , and inner-city decay suddenly started to turn around . Crime rates did n't just hold steadily , and they began falling faster than they went up .
Starting in the mid-1990s , major American cities began a radical transformation . Years of high violent crime rates , thefts , robberies , and inner-city decadence suddenly started to turn around . Crime rates did n't just hold steadily , and they began falling faster than they went up .
Starting in the mid-1990s , major American cities began a radical transformation . Years of high violent crime rates , thefts , robberies , and inner-city decay suddenly started to turn around in downtown . Crime rates did n't just hold steadily , and they began falling faster than they went up .
Starting in the mid-1991s , major American cities began a radical transformation . Years of high violent crime rates , thefts , robberies , and inner-city decay suddenly abruptly to turn around . Crime rates did n't just hold steadily , and they began falling faster than they went up .
Starting in the mid-1990s , major American cities began a radical transformation . Years of high violent crime rates , thefts , robberies , and inner-city decay suddenly started to come back to life . Crime rates did n't just hold steadily , and they began falling faster than they went up .
Starting in the mid-1990s , major American cities began a radical transformation . Years of high violent crime rates , thefts , robberies , and inner-city decay started to turn around . Crime rates did n't just hold steadily , and they began falling faster than they went up .
That trend appeared in practically every post-industrial American city , simultaneously .
That trend appeared in practically every pre-industrial American city , simultaneously .
That trend appeared in practically every post-industrial American cosmopolitan city , simultaneously .
That trend appeared in practically every post-industrial American city along the coastline , simultaneously .
That trend appeared in practically every post-industrial American city , synchronously .
That trend appeared in every post-industrial American city , simultaneously .
" The drop of crime in the 1990s effected all geographic areas and demographic groups , " Steven D. Levitt wrote in his landmark paper on the subject , Understanding Why Crime Fell in the 1990s , and elucidated further in a best-selling book Freakonomics .
" The resurgence of crime in the 1990s effected all geographic areas and demographic groups , " Steven D. Levitt wrote in his landmark paper on the subject , Understanding Why Crime Fell in the 1990s , and elucidated further in a best-selling book Freakonomics .
" The drop of crime dating back to the 1990s effected all geographic areas and demographic groups , " Steven D. Levitt wrote in his landmark paper on the subject , Understanding Why Crime Fell in the 1990s , and elucidated further in a best-selling book Freakonomics .
" The drop of crime in the 1990s effected all geographic areas and demographic groups , " Steven D. Levitt put it in his landmark paper on the subject , Understanding Why Crime Fell in the 1991s , and elucidated further in a best-selling book Freakonomics .
" The drop of crime in the 1990s effected all geographic areas and demographic groups , " Steven D. Levitt wrote in his landmark and informative paper on the subject , Understanding Why Crime Fell in the 1990s , and elucidated further in a best-selling book Freakonomics .
" The drop of crime in the 1990s effected all geographic areas and demographic groups , " Steven D. Levitt wrote in his paper on the subject , Understanding Why Crime Fell in the 1990s , and elucidated further in a best-selling book Freakonomics .
" It was unanticipated that it was widely dismissed as temporary or illusory long after it had begun . "
" It was unanticipated that it was widely deemed as temporary or illusory long after it had begun . "
" It was unanticipated that it was widely dismissed as transitory or illusory long after it had begun . "
" It was unanticipated that it was widely dismissed as temporary or illusory long after it had popped up . "
" It was unanticipated that it was widely dismissed as temporary long after it had begun . "
" It was unanticipated that it was widely dismissed as temporary or illusory long after it had already begun . "
He went on to tie the drop to the legalization of abortion 20 years much earlier , dismissing police tactics as a cause but they failed to explain the universality and unexpectedness of the change .
He went on to tie the drop to the legalization of abortion 20 years much earlier , dismissing police tactics as a cause but they failed to explain the universality of the change .
He went on to connect the drop with the legalization of abortion 20 years much earlier , dismissing police tactics as a cause but they failed to explain the universality and unexpectedness of the change .
He went on to tie the drop to the legalization of abortion 21 years much earlier , dismissing police tactics as a cause but they failed to interpret the universality and unexpectedness of the change .
He went on to tie the drop to the legalization of abortion 20 years much earlier , dismissing police tactics as the underlying reason but they failed to explain the universality and unexpectedness of the change .
He went on to tie the drop to the legalization of abortion 20 years much earlier , dismissing police tactics as a cause but they failed to logically explain the universality and unexpectedness of the change .
Alfred Blumstein 's The Crime Drop in America pinned the cause of crime solely on the crack epidemic but gave the credit for its appearance to those self-same policing strategies .
Alfred Blumstein 's The Crime Drop in America pinned the cause of crime solely on the crack epidemic but gave the commedation to its appearance to those self-same policing strategies .
Alfred Blumstein 's The Crime Drop in America attributed the cause of crime solely to the crack epidemic but gave the credit for its appearance to those self-same policing strategies .
Alfred Blumstein 's The Crime Drop in America pinned the cause of crime solely on the crack epidemic but gave the credit for its appearance to those seemingly self-same policing strategies .
Alfred Blumstein 's The Crime Drop in America pinned the cause of crime solely on the crack epidemic but gave the credit for its appearance to those self-same policing strategies and policy changes.
Alfred Blumstein 's The Crime Drop in America pinned the cause of crime on the crack epidemic but gave the credit for its appearance to those self-same policing strategies .
Plenty of other theories have been offered to account for the double-digit decrease in violence , from the advent of " broken windows " policies , three strikes laws , changing demographics , gun control laws , and the increasing prevalence of cellphones or an upturn in the economy and cultural shifts in American society .
Plenty of other theories have been offered to account for the double-digit decrease in violence , from the advent of " broken windows " policies , three strikes laws , changing demographics , gun control laws , and the increasing prevalence of cellphones or an upturn in the economy and cultural shifts in American society .
Plenty of other theories have been offered to account for the double-digit plunge in violence , from the advent of " broken windows " policies , three strikes laws , changing demographics , gun control laws , and the increasing prevalence of cellphones or an upturn in the economy and cultural shifts in American society .
Plenty of other theories have been offered to account for the double-digit decrease in violence , from the advent of " broken windows " policies , three strikes laws , changing demographics , gun control laws , and the increasing pervasiveness of cellphones or an upturn in the economy and cultural shifts in American society .
Plenty of theories have been offered to account for the double-digit decrease in violence , from the advent of " broken windows " policies , three strikes laws , changing demographics , gun control laws , and the increasing prevalence of cellphones or an upturn in the economy and cultural shifts in American society .
Plenty of other theories have already been offered to account for the double-digit decrease in violence , from the advent of " broken windows " policies , three strikes laws , changing demographics , gun control laws , and the increasing prevalence of cellphones or an upturn in the economy and cultural shifts in American society .
Some of these theories have disproven outright while others require a healthy dose of assumption to turn correlation into causation .
Some of these theories have disproven completely while others require a healthy dose of assumption to turn correlation into causation .
Some of these theories have disproven outright while others clamour for a healthy dose of assumption to turn correlation into causation .
Some of these theories have disproven outright while others require a healthy dose of assumption to convert correlation into causation .
Some of these theories have disproven outright while others require a healthy and sensible dose of assumption to turn correlation into causation .
Some of these theories have disproven outright while others require a dose of assumption to turn correlation into causation .
For people suffering from depression , the advice is usually the same : seek help . This simple-sounding directive , moreover , is often difficult for those with depression to follow because one common symptom of the disease is denial or lack of aware .
For people suffering from depression , the advice is usually the same : seek help . This plausibly simple-sounding directive , moreover , is often difficult for those with depression to follow because one common symptom of the disease is denial or lack of aware .
For people suffering from depression , the advice is usually the same : seek help . This simple-sounding prescription , moreover , is often difficult for those with depression to follow because one common symptom of the disease is denial or lack of aware .
For people suffering from depression , the advice is usually the same : seek help . This simple-sounding directive , moreover , is often not simple for those with depression to follow because one common symptom of the disease is denial or lack of aware .
For people suffering from depression , the advice is usually the same : seek help . This simple-sounding directive , moreover , is difficult for those with depression to follow because one common symptom of the disease is denial or lack of aware .
For people suffering from severe depression , the advice is usually the same : seek help . This simple-sounding directive , moreover , is often difficult for those with depression to follow because one common symptom of the disease is denial or lack of aware .
This can be frustrated for well-meaning family and friendsand is one of the key ways that treating mental illness is different from treating other illnesses .
This phenomenon can be frustrated for well-meaning family and friendsand is one of the key ways that treating mental illness is different from treating other illnesses .
This can be frustrated for well-meaning family and friendsand is one of the crucial ways that treating mental illness is different from treating other illnesses .
This can be frustrated for well-meaning family and friendsand is one of the key ways that curing mental illness is different from treating other illnesses .
This can be frustrated for well-meaning family and friendsand is one of the key appraoches that treating mental illness is different from treating other illnesses .
This can be frustrated for well-meaning family and friendsand is one of the key ways that treating illness is different from treating other illnesses .
The challenge for a person with a depressed spouse , relative or close friend who refuses to get treatment is how to change defiant person 's mind . Reality show-style interventions and tough love are rarely successful , experts say .
The challenge for a person with a depressed spouse , relative or close friend who rejects to get treatment is how to change defiant person 's mind . Reality show-style interventions and tough love are rarely successful , experts say .
The challenge for a person with a depressed spouse , relative or close friend who refuses to get treatment is how to change disobedient person 's mind . Reality show-style interventions and tough love are rarely successful , experts say .
The challenge for a person with a depressed spouse , relative or close friend who refuses to get treatment is how to change defiant person 's mind . Reality show-style interventions and tough love are anything but successful , experts say .
The challenge for a person with a depressed spouse , relative or friend who refuses to get treatment is how to change defiant person 's mind . Reality show-style interventions and tough love are rarely successful , experts say .
The main challenge for a person with a depressed spouse , relative or close friend who refuses to get treatment is how to change defiant person 's mind . Reality show-style interventions and tough love are rarely successful , experts say .
But there are techniques that can help . The key is to try and avoid a debate over if your loved one is sick and instead of look for common ground .
But there are techniques that can help . The key is to try and avoid a debate over if your loved one is sick and instead of look for commonalities .
But there are techniques that can help . The key is to try and avoid a debate over if your loved one is sick and instead of seek common ground .
But there are tactics that can help . The key is to try and avoid a debate over if your loved one is sick and instead of look for common ground .
But there are techniques that help . The key is to try and avoid a debate over if your loved one is sick and instead of look for common ground .
But there are plenty of techniques that can help . The key is to try and avoid a debate over if your loved one is sick and instead of look for common ground .
" Depression makes a person see the world by gray-colored glasses , " says Xavier Amador , a clinical psychologist and director of the LEAP Institute in Taconic , NY , who trains mental-health doctors and family members how to overcome a mentally ill person 's denial of their disease .
" Depression makes a person see the world by gray-colored glasses , " says Xavier Amador , a clinical psychologist and director of the LEAP Institute in Taconic , NY , who trains mental-health doctors and family members how to surmount a mentally ill person 's denial of their disease .
" Depression makes a person perceive the world by gray-colored glasses , " says Xavier Amador , a clinical psychologist and director of the LEAP Institute in Taconic , NY , who trains mental-health doctors and family members how to overcome a mentally ill person 's denial of their disease .
" Depression makes a person see the world by gray-colored glasses , " says Xavier Amador , a clinical psychologist and director of the LEAP Institute in Taconic , NY , who drills mental-health doctors and family members how to overcome a mentally ill person 's denial of their disease .
" Depression makes a person see the world by gray-colored glasses , " says Xavier Amador , a clinical psychologist and director of the LEAP Institute in Taconic , NY , who trains mental-health doctors and family members in our country how to overcome a mentally ill person 's denial of their disease .
" Depression makes a person see the world by gray-colored glasses , " says Xavier Amador , a psychologist and director of the LEAP Institute in Taconic , NY , who trains mental-health doctors and family members how to overcome a mentally ill person 's denial of their disease .
At the LEAP Institute , they teach mental-health professions how to build enough trust with the mentally ill person that he will follow advice even if he wo n't admit to sick . LEAP is an acronym for " listen reflectively , empathize strategically , agree on common ground and partner on shared goals . "
At the LEAP Institute , they teach mental-health professions how to build enough trust with the mentally ill person that he will follow advice even if he wo n't admit to sick . LEAP is an acronym for " listen reflectively , empathize strategically , agree on common ground and partner with the same ends . "
At the LEAP Institute , they teach mental-health professions how to build enough mutual trust with the mentally ill person that he will follow advice even if he wo n't admit to sick . LEAP is an acronym for " listen reflectively , empathize strategically , agree on common ground and partner on shared goals . "
At the LEAP Institute , they teach mental-health professions how to build enough trust with the mentally ill person that he will act on his advice even if he wo n't admit to sick . LEAP is an acronym for " listen reflectively , empathize strategically , agree on common ground and partner on shared goals . "
At the LEAP Institute located in the US , they teach mental-health professions how to build enough trust with the mentally ill person that he will follow advice even if he wo n't admit to sick . LEAP is an acronym for " listen reflectively , empathize strategically , agree on common ground and partner on shared goals . "
At the LEAP Institute , they teach mental-health professions how to build trust with the mentally ill person that he will follow advice even if he wo n't admit to sick . LEAP is an acronym for " listen reflectively , empathize strategically , agree on common ground and partner on shared goals . "
The transformation of journalism in India-the world 's largest democracy and one of its fastest growing economieshas implications for journalism around the world . With approaching 100 round-the-clock news channelsunrivalled in any other country-India boasts the world 's most linguistic diverse news landscape .
The transformation of journalism in India-the world 's largest democracy and one of its fastest growing economieshas implications for journalism around the world . With approaching 100 round-the-clock news channelsunparalleled in any other country-India boasts the world 's most linguistic diverse news landscape .
The transformation of journalism in India-the world 's largest democracy and one of its fastest growing economieshas implications for journalism around the world . With approaching 101 round-the-clock news channelsunrivalled in any other country-India possesses the world 's most linguistic diverse news landscape .
The transformation of journalism in India-the world 's largest democracy and one of its fastest growing economieshas implications for journalism around the world . With approaching 100 round-the-clock news channelsunrivalled in any other country-India boasts the world 's most linguistic dynamic news landscape .
The transformation of journalism in India-the world 's largest democracy and one of its fastest growing economieshas implications for journalism around the world . With 100 round-the-clock news channelsunrivalled in any other country-India boasts the world 's most linguistic diverse news landscape .
The great transformation of journalism in India-the world 's largest democracy and one of its fastest growing economieshas implications for journalism around the world . With approaching 100 round-the-clock news channelsunrivalled in any other country-India boasts the world 's most linguistic diverse news landscape .
This offers exciting opportunities , as well challenges to professional journalists and scholars of international journalism .
This offers inviting opportunities , as well challenges to professional journalists and scholars of international journalism .
This offers exciting opportunities , as well challenges to professional journalists and professors of international journalism .
This offers exciting opportunities , as well thrilling challenges to professional journalists and scholars of international journalism .
This offers exciting opportunities , as well challenges to professional journalists in Britain and scholars of international journalism .
This offers exciting opportunities , as well challenges to professional journalists .
The India Media Centre , the world 's first academic centre which dedicated to studying globalizing tendencies of media in India , is organizing the pioneering conference to address the implications of this major media development .
The India Media Centre , the world 's first academic centre which dedicated to studying globalizing tendencies of media in India , is organizing the trailblazing conference to address the implications of this major media development .
The India Media Centre , the world 's first academic centre which dedicated to studying globalizing tendencies of media in India , is organizing the pioneering conference to cope with the implications of this major media development .
The India Media Centre , the world 's first academic centre which dedicated to studying globalizing tendencies of media in central Asia , is organizing the pioneering conference to address the implications of this major media development .
The India Media Centre , the world 's first academic centre which dedicated to studying globalizing tendencies of media in India , is organizing the conference to address the implications of this major media development .
The India Media Centre , the world 's first famous academic centre which dedicated to studying globalizing tendencies of media in India , is organizing the pioneering conference to address the implications of this major media development .
This international gathering will bring together journalists and journalism scholars around the world to examine the changing face of journalism in India and their impact on the rest of the world .
This international gathering will appeal to journalists and journalism scholars around the world to examine the changing face of journalism in India and their impact on the rest of the world .
This international gathering will bring together journalists and journalism scholars to examine the changing face of journalism in India and their impact on the rest of the world .
This international gathering will bring together journalists and journalism scholars around the world to examine the transformation of journalism in India and their impact on the rest of the world .
This international gathering will bring together journalists and journalism scholars around the world to scrutinize the changing face of journalism in India and their impact on the rest of the world .
This international gathering will bring together journalists and journalism scholars around the world to examine the changing face of journalism in India and their considerable impact on the rest of the world .
According to the World Association of Newspapers , the sale of newspapers in India is booming : circulation grew by 46 per cent between 2000 and 2008 and more than 99 million copies of newspapers were sold in India every day .
According to the World Association of Newspapers published on Monday , the sale of newspapers in India is booming : circulation grew by 46 per cent between 2000 and 2008 and more than 99 million copies of newspapers were sold in India every day .
According to the World Association of Newspapers , the sale of newspapers in India is booming : circulation grew by 46 per cent between 2000 and 2008 and more than 100 million photocopies of newspapers were sold in India every day .
According to the World Association of Newspapers , the sale of newspapers in India is booming : circulation grew by 46 per cent between 2000 and 2008 and no less than 99 million copies of newspapers were sold in India every day .
According to the World Association of Newspapers , the sale of newspapers in India is booming : circulation grew by 46 per cent between 2000 and 2008 and more than 99 copies of newspapers were sold in India every day .
According to the World Association of Newspapers , the sale of newspapers in India is booming : circulation grew by 46 per cent between 2000 and 2008 and more than 99 million copies of newspapers were quickly sold in India every day .
The Times of India is now the world 's largest circulating , English-language " quality " newspaper .
The Times of India is now recognised as the world 's largest circulating , English-language " quality " newspaper .
The Times of India is now the world 's largest circulating , " quality " newspaper in English .
Undeniably , the Times of India is now the world 's largest circulating , English-language " quality " newspaper .
The Times of India is currently the world 's largest circulating , English-language " quality " newspaper .
The Times of India is the world 's largest circulating , English-language " quality " newspaper .
From FM and community radio to online media , journalists are finding new ways to communicate with a requiring and fragmenting audience , including a young and vocal , middle-class diaspora .
From FM and community radio to online media , journalists are finding new methods to communicate with a requiring and fragmenting audience , including a young and vocal , middle-class diaspora .
From FM and community radio to online media , journalists are finding groundbreaking ways to communicate with a requiring and fragmenting audience , including a young and vocal , middle-class diaspora .
From FM and community radio to online media , journalists are finding new ways to communicate with a requiring and fragmenting audience , including a young and vocal , elite diaspora .
From FM and community radio to online media , journalists are finding ways to communicate with a requiring and fragmenting audience , including a young and vocal , middle-class diaspora .
From FM and community radio to online media , journalists are finding new ways to effectively communicate with a requiring and fragmenting audience , including a young and vocal , middle-class diaspora .
International media groupsfrom financial , to sport journalism to entertainment newsare extending and embedding their operations into that is one of the world 's biggest news bazaars .
International media groupsfrom financial , to sport journalism to entertainment newsare extending and embedding their operations into that is one of the world 's biggest news fairs .
International media groupscomposed of financial , to sport journalism to entertainment newsare extending and embedding their operations into that is one of the world 's biggest news bazaars .
International media groupsfrom financial , to sport journalism to entertainment newsare extending and embedding their business into that is one of the world 's biggest news bazaars .
International media groupsfrom financial , to sport journalism to entertainment newsare extending and embedding operations into that is one of the world 's biggest news bazaars .
International media groupsfrom financial , to sport journalism to entertainment newsare extending and embedding their own operations into that is one of the world 's biggest news bazaars .
For centuries , immigrants have come to America seeking the promise of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . Some came fleeting religious persecution . Others came for the possibility of a better life . But all were inspired by the freedoms that exist in the United States because of the rule of law .
For centuries , immigrants have come to America seeking the promise of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . Some came fleeting religious persecution . Others came for the possibility of a promising future . But all were inspired by the freedoms that exist in the United States because of the rule of law .
For centuries , immigrants have come to America seeking the promise of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . Some came fleeting religious persecution . Others came for the possibility of a better life . But all were stimulated by the freedoms that exist in the United States because of the rule of law .
For centuries , immigrants have come to America seeking the promise of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . Some came fleeting religious persecution . Others came for the possibility of a better life . But all were inspired by the freedoms that exist in the United States as a result of the rule of law .
For centuries , immigrants have come to America seeking the promise of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . Some came fleeting persecution . Others came for the possibility of a better life . But all were inspired by the freedoms that exist in the United States because of the rule of law .
For centuries , a growing number of immigrants have come to America seeking the promise of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . Some came fleeting religious persecution . Others came for the possibility of a better life . But all were inspired by the freedoms that exist in the United States because of the rule of law .
Throughout our history , immigrants have contributed to American society and help build the American dream .
Scanning through our history , immigrants have contributed to American society and help build the American dream .
Throughout our history , immigrants have contributed to American society and help forge the American dream .
Throughout our history , immigrants have contributed to shaping American society and help build the American dream .
Throughout our history , immigrants from different regions in the world have contributed to American society and help build the American dream .
Throughout our history , immigrants have contributed to society and help build the American dream .
But today we face with an immigration crisis . Lax enforcement of our immigration laws threatens the promise of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness that has made America that it is today . In order to protect the American dream , we must enforce our immigration laws .
But today we face with an immigration crisis . Lax enforcement of our immigration laws threatens the promise of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness that has shaped America that it is today . In order to protect the American dream , we must enforce our immigration laws .
But today we face with an immigration crisis . Lax enforcement of our immigration laws threatens the promise of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness that has made America that it is today . In order to uphold the American dream , we must enforce our immigration laws .
But today we face with an immigration crisis . Lax enforcement of our immigration laws threatens the promise of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness that has made America that it is today . In order to protect the American dream , we must put our immigration laws into effect .
But we face with an immigration crisis . Lax enforcement of our immigration laws threatens the promise of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness that has made America that it is today . In order to protect the American dream , we must enforce our immigration laws .
But today we face with an immigration crisis . Lax enforcement of our immigration laws threatens the promise of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness that has made America that it is today . In order to protect the American dream , we must enforce our immigration laws as soon as possible.
According to a report by the Government Accountability Office , only 44 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border is under the " operational control " of the U.S. Border Patrol . Forty-four percent is a failure grade . Holes in the security of our borders threaten American lives . The first promise of the American dream is " life . " In order to protect that promise , we must secure the U.S.-Mexico border .
According to a report by the Government Accountability Office , only 44 percent of the U.S.-Mexico national boundaries is under the " operational control " of the U.S. Border Patrol . Forty-four percent is a failure grade . Holes in the security of our borders threaten American lives . The first promise of the American dream is " life . " In order to protect that promise , we must secure the U.S.-Mexico border .
According to a report by the Government Accountability Office , only 44 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border is under the " operational control " of the U.S. Border Patrol . Forty-four percent is a failure grade . Holes in the security of our borders endanger American lives . The first promise of the American dream is " life . " In order to protect that promise , we must secure the U.S.-Mexico border .
According to a report by the Government Accountability Office , only 45 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border is under the " operational control " of the U.S. Border Patrol . Forty-four percent is a failure grade . Holes in the security of our borders threaten American lives . The first promise of the American dream is " life . " In order to protect that promise , we must safeguard the U.S.-Mexico border .
According to a report by the Government Accountability Office , only 44 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border is under the " operational control " of the U.S. Border Patrol . Forty-four percent is a failure grade . Holes in the security of our borders threaten American lives . The first promise of the American dream is " life . " In order to protect that promise , we must discharge the duty to secure the U.S.-Mexico border .
According to a report by the Government Accountability Office , only 44 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border is under the " operational control " of the U.S. Border Patrol . Forty-four percent is a failure grade . Holes in the security of our borders threaten American lives . The promise of the American dream is " life . " In order to protect that promise , we must secure the U.S.-Mexico border .
We must also do more to prohibit Americans from criminal illegal immigrants .
We must also do more preparations to prohibit Americans from criminal illegal immigrants .
We must also do more to prohibit Americans from criminal illegitimate immigrants .
We must also do more to prohibit Americans from criminal illegal immigrants and outlaws .
We must also do our best to prohibit Americans from criminal illegal immigrants .
We must do more to prohibit Americans from criminal illegal immigrants .
Despite the Obama administration has increased the deportation of criminal immigrants , two Supreme Court rulings created a safe haven for dangerous criminal immigrants who can be removed .
Despite the Obama administration has increased the deportation of criminal immigrants , two Supreme Court rulings created a sanctuary for dangerous criminal immigrants who can be removed .
Despite the Obama administration has increased the deportation of criminal immigrants , two Supreme Court rulings created a safe haven for vicious criminal immigrants who can be removed .
Despite the Obama administration has increased the deportation of criminal immigrants , two Supreme Court rulings created a safe haven for dangerous criminal immigrants who can move elsewhere .
Despite the Obama administration has increased the deportation of criminal immigrants , two Supreme Court rulings created a safe haven for criminal immigrants who can be removed .
Despite the Obama administration has effectively increased the deportation of criminal immigrants , two Supreme Court rulings created a safe haven for dangerous criminal immigrants who can be removed .
Because these rulings prohibit criminal immigrants from detained longer than six months when they can not be deported , federal officials have been forced to release thousands of criminal immigrants into our communities . Tragically , many have gone on to commit more crimes , including murder .
Because these rulings prohibit criminal immigrants from confined longer than six months when they can not be deported , federal officials have been forced to release thousands of criminal immigrants into our communities . Tragically , many have gone on to commit more crimes , including murder .
Because these rulings prohibit criminal immigrants from detained longer than six months when they can not be deported , federal officials have been forced to discharge thousands of criminal immigrants into our communities . Tragically , many have gone on to commit more crimes , including murder .
Because these rulings prohibit criminal immigrants from detained longer than six months when they can not be deported , federal officials have been forced to release thousands of criminal immigrants into our communities . Pathetically , many have gone on to commit more crimes , including murder .
Because these rulings prohibit criminal immigrants from detained longer than six months when they can not be deported , officials have been forced to release thousands of criminal immigrants into our communities . Tragically , many have gone on to commit more crimes , including murder .
Because these rulings prohibit criminal immigrants from detained longer than six months when they can not be deported , federal officials have been forced to release thousands of criminal immigrants into our communities . Tragically , many of them have gone on to commit more crimes , including murder .
Kissing , stroking and wild embraces are common enough , and now the quiet , romantic gesture of holding hands in public is a final frontier for many young couples in the Westeven though , traditionally it was a first step towards intimacy .
Kissing , stroking and wild embraces are commonalities , and now the quiet , romantic gesture of holding hands in public is a final frontier for many young couples in the Westeven though , traditionally it was a first step towards intimacy .
Kissing , stroking and wild embraces are common enough , and now the gentle , romantic gesture of holding hands in public is a final frontier for many young couples in the Westeven though , traditionally it was a first step towards intimacy .
Kissing , stroking and wild embraces are common enough , and now the quiet , romantic gesture of holding hands in public is the prelude to many young couples in the Westeven though , traditionally it was a first step towards intimacy .
Kissing , stroking and wild embraces are common enough , and now the quiet , romantic gesture of holding hands in public is a final frontier for young couples in the Westeven though , traditionally it was a first step towards intimacy .
Kissing , stroking and wild embraces are common enough , and now the quiet , romantic gesture of holding hands in public and any other places is a final frontier for many young couples in the Westeven though , traditionally it was a first step towards intimacy .
Power couples on the world stage have taken up handholding as a sign of equality and commitment . The political figures and their wives are often snapped hand-in-hand .
Power couples on the world stage have taken up handholding as a sign of courtesy and commitment . The political figures and their wives are often snapped hand-in-hand .
Power couples on the world stage have taken up handholding as a sign of equality and dedication . The political figures and their wives are often snapped hand-in-hand .
Power couples on the world stage have taken up handholding as a sign of equality and commitment . The political figures and their wives are often seen hands clasped .
Powerful upper-class couples on the world stage have taken up handholding as a sign of equality and commitment . The political figures and their wives are often snapped hand-in-hand .
Power couples on the world stage in recent years have taken up handholding as a sign of equality and commitment . The political figures and their wives are often snapped hand-in-hand .
That very fact-which it 's a simple but powerful statement of commitmentCis exact what deters many young people from linking hands .
That very fact-which it 's a simple but powerful statement of dedicationCis exact what deters many young people from linking hands .
That very fact-which it 's a simple but powerful statement of commitmentCis exact what discourages many young people from linking hands .
That very fact-which it 's a simple but powerful statement of commitmentCis exact what deters many young people from clasping hands .
That very fact-which it 's a simple but powerful statement of commitmentCis exact what deters young people from linking hands .
That very fact-which it 's a simple but powerful statement of commitmentCis exact what deters many young people from linking hands nowadays .
There is no public display of affection intimate between two people than handholding , writes New York bachelor Jozen , on his blog .
There is no public display of affection intimate between two people than handholding , writes New York bachelor Jozen , on his social app .
There is no private display of affection intimate between two people than handholding , writes New York bachelor Jozen , on his blog .
There is no public display of intimacy intimate between two people than handholding , writes New York bachelor Jozen , on his blog .
There is no display of affection intimate between two people than handholding , writes New York bachelor Jozen , on his blog .
There is no public display of affection much intimate between two people than handholding , writes New York bachelor Jozen , on his blog .
" Holding hands is the ultimate sign that two people are not only together , also happily so . Couples kiss madly , hug madly . But hold hands madly ? Oh no , they do n't do that . "
" Holding hands is the ultimate sign that two people are not only together , also happily so . Husbands and wives kiss madly , hug madly . But hold hands madly ? Oh no , they do n't do that . "
" Holding hands is the ultimate sign that two people are not only together , also happily so . Couples kiss madly , hug madly . But hold hands wildly ? Oh no , they do n't do that . "
" Holding hands is the ultimate sign that two people are not only together , also happily so . Couples kiss madly , hug madly . But hold hands madly ? Oh certainly not , they do n't do that . "
" Holding hands is the ultimate sign that two people are not only together , also happily so . Couples kiss madly , hug madly . But hold hands madly ? Oh no , they do n't commonly do that . "
" Holding hands is the sign that two people are not only together , also happily so . Couples kiss madly , hug madly . But hold hands madly ? Oh no , they do n't do that . "
Public Display of Affection is so common and varied that it 's earned its own acronym , the PDA . A lot of young people are n't thinking about the long term when they date with someone : " Kissing and touching are fueled by passion and do n't necessarily mean people plan to be together forever .
Public Display of Affection is so common and varied that it 's earned its own acronym , the PDA . Numerous young people are n't thinking about the long term when they date with someone : " Kissing and touching are fueled by passion and do n't necessarily mean people plan to be together forever .
Public Display of Affection is so common and varied that it 's gained its own acronym , the PDA . A lot of young people are n't thinking about the long term when they date with someone : " Kissing and touching are fueled by passion and do n't necessarily mean people plan to be together forever .
Public Display of Affection is so common and varied that it 's earned its own acronym , the PDA . A lot of young people are n't thinking about the long term when they date with someone : " Kissing and touching are triggered by passion and do n't necessarily mean people plan to be together forever .
Public Display of Affection is so common and varied that it 's earned its own acronym , the PDA . A lot of people are n't thinking about the long term when they date with someone : " Kissing and touching are fueled by passion and do n't necessarily mean people plan to be together forever .
Public Display of Affection is so common and varied that it 's earned its own acronym , the PDA . A lot of young people are n't carefully thinking about the long term when they date with someone : " Kissing and touching are fueled by passion and do n't necessarily mean people plan to be together forever .
But a couple quietly holding hands shows something deeper . " In the fast paced , constantly changing world of youth where everything is permitted , but something is certain , people have time for passion but are scary of the commitment of love .
But a couple quietly holding hands shows something deeper . " In the fast paced , everchanging world of youth where everything is permitted , but something is certain , people have time for passion but are scary of the commitment of love .
But a couple quietly holding hands shows something deeper . " In the fast paced , constantly changing world of youth where everything is permitted , but nothing is not certain , people have time for passion but are scary of the commitment of love .
But a couple quietly holding hands shows something deeper . " In the fast paced , constantly changing world of youth where everything is permitted , but something is certain , people have time for ardour but are scary of the commitment of love .
But a couple holding hands shows something deeper . " In the fast paced , constantly changing world of youth where everything is permitted , but something is certain , people have time for passion but are scary of the commitment of love .
But a couple quietly holding hands shows something deeper . " In the fast paced , constantly changing world of youth where everything is permitted , but something is certain , people have time for great passion but are scary of the commitment of love .
Issues concerning human learning are among the critical topics in educational psychology , child development , and cognitive science . One central focus has been on the issue of why students learn and teachers teach best , and discovery learning versus direct instruction has been a contented debate in modern educational theory and practice .
Issues concerning human learning in the childhood are among the critical topics in educational psychology , child development , and cognitive science . One central focus has been on the issue of why students learn and teachers teach best , and discovery learning versus direct instruction has been a contented debate in modern educational theory and practice .
Issues concerning human learning are among the critical topics in educational psychology , child development , and cognitive science . One central focus has been on the issue as to why students learn and teachers teach best , and discovery learning versus direct instruction has been a contented debate in modern educational theory and practice .
Issues concerning human learning are among the critical topics in educational psychology , child development , and cognitive science . One central focus has been on the issue of why students learn and teachers teach best , and discovery learning versus direct instruction has been a contented dispute in modern educational theory and practice .
Issues concerning human learning are among the critical topics in educational psychology , child development , and cognitive science . One central focus has been on the issue of why students learn and teachers teach best , and discovery learning versus direct instruction has been a contented debate in current educational theory and practice .
Issues concerning human learning are among the critical topics in educational psychology , child development , and cognitive science . One central focus has been on the issue of why students learn and teachers teach best , and discovery learning versus direct instruction has been a contented debate in educational theory and practice .
Stemmed from the theoretical perspective of constructivism , discovery learning is believed to be a tool for facilitating the creation and organization of knowledge , as well as the transfer of that knowledge across different contexts . This approach contrasts with views that emphasize direct instruction from teacher to student . This entry addresses the following central issues : how discovery learning is defined , the empirical evidence in favor of discovery learning or direct instruction , and the facilitation of discovery and transfer .
Stemmed from the theoretical perspective of constructivism , discovery learning is believed to be a tool for boosting the creation and organization of knowledge , as well as the transfer of that knowledge across different contexts . This approach contrasts with views that emphasize direct instruction from teacher to student . This entry addresses the following central issues : how discovery learning is defined , the empirical evidence in favor of discovery learning or direct instruction , and the facilitation of discovery and transfer .
Stemmed from the theoretical perspective of constructivism , discovery learning is believed to be a tool for facilitating the creation and organization of knowledge , as well as the transfer of that knowledge across dissimilar contexts . This approach contrasts with views that emphasize direct instruction from teacher to student . This entry addresses the following central issues : how discovery learning is defined , the empirical evidence in favor of discovery learning or direct instruction , and the facilitation of discovery and transfer .
Stemmed from the theoretical perspective of constructivism , discovery learning is believed to be a tool for facilitating the creation and organization of knowledge , as well as the transfer of that knowledge across different contexts . This approach contrasts with views that put emphasis on direct instruction from teacher to student . This entry addresses the following central issues : how discovery learning is defined , the empirical evidence in favor of discovery learning or direct instruction , and the facilitation of discovery and transfer .
Stemmed from the theoretical perspective of constructivism , discovery learning is believed to be a tool for facilitating the creation and organization of knowledge , as well as the transfer of that knowledge across different contexts . This approach contrasts with views that emphasize direct instruction from teacher to student . This entry addresses the following central issues : how discovery learning is defined , the empirical evidence in favor of discovery learning or direct instruction , and the facilitation of discovery .
Stemmed from the theoretical perspective of constructivism , discovery learning is believed to be a useful tool for facilitating the creation and organization of knowledge , as well as the transfer of that knowledge across different contexts . This approach contrasts with views that emphasize direct instruction from teacher to student . This entry addresses the following central issues : how discovery learning is defined , the empirical evidence in favor of discovery learning or direct instruction , and the facilitation of discovery and transfer .
Discovery learning is a general approach that involves minded participation and active inquiry in the acquisition of concepts and strategies .
Discovery learning is a rarely seen approach that involves minded participation and active inquiry in the acquisition of concepts and strategies .
Discovery learning is a general approach that engages minded participation and active inquiry in the acquisition of concepts and strategies .
Discovery learning is a general approach that involves minded participation and active inquiry in the acquisition of concepts .
Discovery learning is a general approach that involves minded participation and active investigation in the acquisition of concepts and strategies .
Discovery learning is actually a general approach that involves minded participation and active inquiry in the acquisition of concepts and strategies .
In classroom contexts , it refers to a form of curriculum which students are encouraged to actively explore and figure out the concepts , solutions , or strategies at the hand .
In classroom contexts , it refers to a version of curriculum which students are encouraged to actively explore and figure out the concepts , solutions , or strategies at the hand .
In campus contexts , it refers to a form of curriculum which students are encouraged to actively explore and figure out the concepts , solutions , or strategies at the hand .
In classroom contexts , it refers to a form of curriculum which students are encouraged to individually explore and figure out the concepts , solutions , or strategies at the hand .
In classroom contexts , it refers to a form of curriculum which students are encouraged to explore and figure out the concepts , solutions , or strategies at the hand .
In classroom contexts , it refers to a form of curriculum which most students are encouraged to actively explore and figure out the concepts , solutions , or strategies at the hand .
A widely accepted idea is that discovery learning is the least appropriate and effective approach to facilitate deep and lasting understanding .
A widely accepted idea is that discovery learning is the least feasible and effective approach to facilitate deep and lasting understanding .
A widely accepted idea is that discovery learning is the least appropriate and effective approach to facilitate deep and long-term understanding .
A widely accepted belief is that discovery learning is the least appropriate and effective approach to facilitate deep and lasting understanding .
A widely accepted idea is that discovery learning is the least appropriate and effective approach to facilitate deep understanding .
A widely accepted idea is that discovery learning is actually the least appropriate and effective approach to facilitate deep and lasting understanding .
This approach is often contrasted with direct instruction or expository learning , which typically refers traditional , content-oriented methods that the instructor lectures to students . Learning associated with direct instruction is often believed to be less engaged and less active , and thus less effective .
This approach is often contrasted with direct instruction or expository learning , which typically refers traditional , content-oriented methods that the instructor lectures to students . Learning associated with direct instruction is often believed to be less engaged and less active , and thereby less effective .
This approach is often contrasted with direct instruction or expository learning , which typically refers traditional , purpose-oriented methods that the instructor lectures to students . Learning associated with direct instruction is often believed to be less engaged and less active , and thus less effective .
This approach is often contrasted with direct instruction or expository learning , which typically refers conventional , content-oriented methods that the instructor lectures to students . Learning associated with direct instruction is often believed to be less engaged and less active , and thus less effective .
This approach is often contrasted with direct instruction or expository learning , which refers traditional , content-oriented methods that the instructor lectures to students . Learning associated with direct instruction is often believed to be less engaged and less active , and thus less effective .
This kind of approach is often contrasted with direct instruction or expository learning , which typically refers traditional , content-oriented methods that the instructor lectures to students . Learning associated with direct instruction is often believed to be less engaged and less active , and thus less effective .
There are more drugs dispensed for pain than for any other disease on this planet . Drug companies enjoy earning huge profts from people suffering with chronic pain . Pain management clinics flourish throughout the world . Most conventional medicine prescribed for pain addresses a contemporary symptom removal ( if you are lucky ) rather than curing the cause of the pain .
There are more drugs dispensed for pain than for any other disease on this planet . Drug companies enjoy earning huge profts from people afflicted by chronic pain . Pain management clinics flourish throughout the world . Most conventional medicine prescribed for pain addresses a contemporary symptom removal ( if you are lucky ) rather than curing the cause of the pain .
There are more drugs dispensed for pain than for the other diseases on this planet . Drug companies enjoy earning huge profts from people suffering with chronic pain . Pain management clinics flourish throughout the world . Most conventional medicine prescribed for pain addresses a contemporary symptom removal ( if you are lucky ) rather than curing the cause of the pain .
There are more drugs dispensed for pain than for any other disease on this planet . Drug companies enjoy earning huge profts from people suffering with chronic pain . Pain management clinics thrive throughout the world . Most conventional medicine prescribed for pain addresses a contemporary symptom removal ( if you are lucky ) rather than curing the cause of the pain .
There are more drugs dispensed for pain than for any other disease on this planet . Drug companies enjoy earning huge profts from people suffering with pain . Pain management clinics flourish throughout the world . Most conventional medicine prescribed for pain addresses a contemporary symptom removal ( if you are lucky ) rather than curing the cause of the pain .
There are more drugs dispensed for pain than for any other disease on this planet . Drug companies tend to enjoy earning huge profts from people suffering with chronic pain . Pain management clinics flourish throughout the world . Most conventional medicine prescribed for pain addresses a contemporary symptom removal ( if you are lucky ) rather than curing the cause of the pain .
There are many " pain management " drugs and techniques . Most of these will dry up to your savings and at the end of the day you will still suffer from pain .
There are many " pain management " drugs and remedies . Most of these will dry up to your savings and at the end of the day you will still suffer from pain .
There are many " pain management " pills and techniques . Most of these will dry up to your savings and at the end of the day you will still suffer from pain .
There are many " pain management " drugs and techniques . Most of these will dry up to your savings in a bank and at the end of the day you will still suffer from pain .
There are many useless " pain management " drugs and techniques . Most of these will dry up to your savings and at the end of the day you will still suffer from pain .
There are many " pain management " drugs and techniques . Most of these dry up to your savings and at the end of the day you will still suffer from pain .
This is not the worst part , but rather what your liver , kddneys and other organic eventually become poisoned by long term use of synthetic drugs that is the most devastating to your health .
This is not the worst part , but rather what your liver , kddneys and other organic eventually become poisoned by long term use of synthetic drugs that is the most detrimental to your health .
This is not the worst part , but rather what your liver , kddneys and other organic eventually become poisoned by uncontrolled use of synthetic drugs that is the most devastating to your health .
This is not the worst part , but rather what your liver , kddneys and other organic gradually become poisoned by long term use of synthetic drugs that is the most devastating to your health .
This is not the worst part , but rather what your liver , kddneys and other organic eventually become poisoned by long term use of synthetic drugs that is undeniably the most devastating to your health .
This is not the worst part , but rather what your liver , kddneys and other organic become poisoned by long term use of synthetic drugs that is the most devastating to your health .
Pain drugs are also addicted which will eventually cause other diseases .
Pain drugs are also addicted which will eventually incur other diseases .
Pain drugs are also addicted which will eventually cause any other disease .
Depression drugs are also addicted which will eventually cause other diseases .
Pain drugs are also addicted which will cause other diseases .
Pain drugs are also addicted which will eventually cause other fatal diseases .
Useful painmanagement techniques , whether they involve poisonous drugs , pulsating your body parts with low voltage , rubbing your skin or using other inventions , only postpone the agony while the disease behind it will continue thriving .
Useful painmanagement techniques , whether they involve poisonous drugs , pulsating your body parts with low voltage , massaging your skin or using other inventions , only postpone the agony while the disease behind it will continue thriving .
Useful painmanagement techniques , whether they involve poisonous drugs , pulsating your body parts with low voltage , rubbing your skin or using other devices , only postpone the agony while the disease behind it will continue thriving .
Useful painmanagement techniques , whether they involve poisonous drugs , pulsating your body parts with low voltage , rubbing your skin or using other inventions , only defer the agony while the disease behind it will continue thriving .
Useful painmanagement techniques , whether they involve drugs , pulsating your body parts with low voltage , rubbing your skin or using other inventions , only postpone the agony while the disease behind it will continue thriving .
Useful painmanagement techniques , whether they involve poisonous drugs or not , pulsating your body parts with low voltage , rubbing your skin or using other inventions , only postpone the agony while the disease behind it will continue thriving .
Many smart philosophers mention that the best way to keep young and healthy is to put food in your mouth that is healing : e.g . treat your food as your medicine while your medicine as your food .
Many smart philosophers comment that the best way to keep young and healthy is to put food in your mouth that is healing : e.g . treat your food as your medicine while your medicine as your food .
Many smart philosophers mention that the best way to keep energetic and healthy is to put food in your mouth that is healing : e.g . treat your food as your medicine while your medicine as your food .
Many smart philosophers mention that the best way to keep young and healthy is to put food in your mouth that is remedial : e.g . treat your food as your medicine while your medicine as your food .
Many philosophers mention that the best way to keep young and healthy is to put food in your mouth that is healing : e.g . treat your food as your medicine while your medicine as your food .
Many smart philosophers mention that the best way to keep young and healthy is to put healthy food in your mouth that is healing : e.g . treat your food as your medicine while your medicine as your food .
People following this simple prescription live to be good into their nineties or even hundreds and they feel thirty to fifty years younger than they really are .
People adopting this simple prescription live to be good into their nineties or even hundreds and they feel thirty to fifty years younger than they really are .
People following this seemingly simple prescription live to be good into their nineties or even hundreds and they feel thirty to fifty years younger than they really are .
People in the retirement home following this simple prescription live to be good into their nineties or even hundreds and they feel thirty to fifty years younger than they really are .
People following this simple prescription live to be good into their nineties or even hundreds and they feel thirtyyears younger than they really are .
People following this simple prescription live to be good into their nineties or even hundreds and they feel at least thirty to fifty years younger than they really are .
Cultures follow this principle have some of the healthiest seniors around .
Oriental cultures follow this principle have some of the healthiest seniors around .
Cultures abide by this principle have some of the healthiest seniors around .
Cultures follow this principle have some of the healthiest seniors in its communities .
Cultures follow this principle have the healthiest seniors around .
Cultures closely follow this principle have some of the healthiest seniors around .
You can perform all those functions that you perform at present with your mobile devices but of much higher speed than before .
You can perform all those functions that you perform at present with your mobile devices yet of much higher speed than before .
You can apply all those functions that you perform at present with your mobile devices but of much higher speed than before .
You can perform all those functions that you perform at present with your portable devices but of much higher speed than before .
You can perform all those functions that you perform at present with your mobile devices in your pockets but of much higher speed than before .
You can perform all those functions that you perform at present with your mobile devices but of higher speed than before .
It provides you with faster connection , faster Internet access , and music entertainment with improved quality .
It offers you with faster connection , faster Internet access , and music entertainment with improved quality .
It provides you with faster connection , instant Internet access , and music entertainment with improved quality .
It provides you with faster connection , faster Internet access , and music entertainment with improved quality than ever before .
It provides you with faster connection , faster Internet access , and music entertainment with improved quality .
It provides you with faster connection , faster Internet access , and entertainment with improved quality .
The benefits are of immense . You can avail the benefits of video calling . You can call your friend and have a video call facility . The clarity is better and the facility can be enjoyed as long as both of you are using the 3G technology .
The benefits are of immense . You can make the most of the benefits of video calling . You can call your friend and have a video call facility . The clarity is better and the facility can be enjoyed as long as both of you are using the 3G technology .
The benefits are of immense . You can avail the benefits of video calling . You can call your friend face to face and have a video call facility . The clarity is better and the facility can be enjoyed as long as both of you are using the 3G technology .
The benefits are of immense . You can avail the benefits of video calling . You can call your friend and have a video call facility . The clarity is better and the facility can be enjoyed as long as both of you are tapping into the 4G technology .
The benefits are of immense . You can avail the benefits of video calling . You can call your friend and have a video call facility . The clarity is better with high definition and the facility can be enjoyed as long as both of you are using the 3G technology .
The benefits are of immense . You can avail the benefits of video calling . You can call your friend and have a call facility . The clarity is better and the facility can be enjoyed as long as both of you are using the 3G technology .
With 3G technology it is impossible to access any site on the Internet by using your phone as a modem for your computer or laptop and mail the important documents .
With 3G technology it is impossible to gain access to any site on the Internet by using your phone as a modem for your computer or laptop and mail the important documents .
With 3G technology it is impossible to access any site on the Internet by using your phone as a modem for your personnal computer or laptop and mail the important documents .
With 3G technology it is impossible to access any site on the Internet by using your phone as a modem for your computer or tablet and mail the important documents .
With 4G technology it is impossible to access any site on the Internet by using your phone as a modem for your computer or laptop and mail the vital documents .
With 3G technology it is impossible to access any site on the Internet by using your phone as a modem for your computer and mail the important documents .
Dowload games and songs is much faster with this technology .
Dowload video games and songs is much faster with this technology .
Dowload games and songs is much faster with 5G technology .
Dowload games and pop music is much faster with this technology .
Dowload games and songs online is much faster with this technology .
Dowload games and songs is faster with this technology .
You can download your favorite games into your mobile and start playing . You can also download the music videos or simply the songs . The technology enable for much faster download . Because it will take only few minutes to download movie clips or albums .
You can download your favorite games into your mobile and start playing . You can also upload the music videos or simply the songs . The technology enable for much faster download . Because it will take only few minutes to download movie clips or albums .
You can download your favorite games into your mobile and start playing . You can also download the music videos or simply the songs . The technology allow for much faster download . Because it will take only few minutes to download movie clips or albums .
You can download your favorite games into your mobile and start playing . You can also download the music videos or simply the songs . The emerging technology enable for much faster download . Because it will take only few minutes to download movie clips or albums .
You can download your favorite games into your mobile and start playing . You can also download the music videos or simply the songs in the app store . The technology enable for much faster download . Because it will take only few minutes to download movie clips or albums .
You can download your favorite games into your mobile and start playing . You can also download the music videos orthe songs . The technology enable for much faster download . Because it will take only few minutes to download movie clips or albums .
You can use your favorite search engines to find the information on news headlines , get information about the evening weather so that you can plan your party .
You can use your favorite search engines to find the information on news headlines , get information about the evening weather so that you can plan your outdoor party .
You can use your favorite search engines to find the information on news headlines , get forecast about the evening weather so that you can plan your party .
You can make the use of your favorite search engines to find the information on news headlines , get information about the evening weather so that you can plan your party .
You can use your favorite search engines to find the information on news headlines , get information about the evening weather so as to plan your party .
You can use your favorite search engines to find the information on news headlines , get information about the weather so that you can plan your party .
You can find out the latest baseball score and any latest news about your favorite sport . The 3G phones with its advanced feature will also enable you to watch excited highlights of your favorite sport .
You can figure out the latest baseball score and any latest news about your favorite sport . The 3G phones with its advanced feature will also enable you to watch excited highlights of your favorite sport .
You can find out the latest baseball score and any latest news about your favorite sport . The 3G phones with its cutting-edge feature will also enable you to watch excited highlights of your favorite sport .
You can find out the latest baseball score and any latest news about your favorite sport . The 4G phones with its advanced feature will also enable you to watch excited replays of your favorite sport .
You can find out any latest news about your favorite sport . The 3G phones with its advanced feature will also enable you to watch excited highlights of your favorite sport .
You can easily find out the latest baseball score and any latest news about your favorite sport . The 3G phones with its advanced feature will also enable you to watch excited highlights of your favorite sport .
With the increased speed and improved quality of the services provided in the 3G phones , you can view the multimedia data applications as movie clips and the music videos with clearer picture than with the 2.5G technology mobiles .
With the soaring speed and improved quality of the services provided in the 3G phones , you can view the multimedia data applications as movie clips and the music videos with clearer picture than with the 2.5G technology mobiles .
With the increased speed of the services provided in the 3G phones , you can view the multimedia data applications as movie clips and the music videos with clearer picture than with the 2.5G technology mobiles .
With the increased speed and improved quality of the services provided in the 3G phones , you can browse the multimedia data applications as movie clips and the music videos with clearer picture than with the 2.6G technology mobiles .
With the increased speed and improved quality of the services provided in the 3G phones , you can view the multimedia data applications as movie clips and the music videos with higher definition than with the 2.5G technology mobiles .
With the increased speed and improved quality of the services provided in the 3G phones , you can even view the multimedia data applications as movie clips and the music videos with clearer picture than with the 2.5G technology mobiles .
About 25 million auto accidents occur in the United States each year . Approximately 5 million people are injured in these accidents ; some 50,000 are killed . Auto insurance of course can not reduce the deaths , the injuries , or the damages , and it does offer protection against the financial risks of auto ownership and operation .
About 25 million auto accidents occur on the freeway in the United States each year . Approximately 5 million people are injured in these accidents ; some 50,000 are killed . Auto insurance of course can not reduce the deaths , the injuries , or the damages , and it does offer protection against the financial risks of auto ownership and operation .
About 25 million auto accidents occur in the United States each year . Roughly 5 million people are injured in these accidents ; some 50,000 are killed . Auto insurance of course can not reduce the deaths , the injuries , or the damages , and it does offer protection against the financial risks of auto ownership and operation .
About 25 million auto accidents occur in the United States each year . Approximately 5 million people are injured in these accidents ; some 50,001 are killed . Auto insurance solely can not reduce the deaths , the injuries , or the damages , and it does offer protection against the financial risks of auto ownership and operation .
About 25 million auto accidents occur in the United States each year . Approximately 5 million people are injured in these accidents ; some 50,000 are killed . Auto insurance of course can not reduce the deaths , the injuries , or the damages , and it does offer protection against the potential risks of auto ownership and operation .
About 25 million accidents occur in the United States each year . Approximately 5 million people are injured in these accidents ; some 50,000 are killed . Auto insurance of course can not reduce the deaths , the injuries , or the damages , and it does offer protection against the financial risks of auto ownership and operation .
The principle decisions to be made by auto insurance buyers are what coverage to buy , what amounts of insurance to buy , and what agent and company to buy .
The principle decisions to be made by auto insurance buyers are what coverage to buy , what types of insurance to buy , and what agent and company to buy .
The principle decisions to be made by auto insurance buyers are what coverage to buy , what amounts of insurance to buy , and what agent and corporation to buy .
The principle decisions to be reached by auto insurance buyers are what coverage to buy , what amounts of insurance to buy , and what agent and company to buy .
The principle decisions waiting to be made by auto insurance buyers are what coverage to buy , what amounts of insurance to buy , and what agent and company to buy .
The principle decisions to be made by insurance buyers are what coverage to buy , what amounts of insurance to buy , and what agent and company to buy .
Auto liability coverage is essential . No one should drive a car without protection against the potential high cost of lawsuits .
Auto liability coverage is indispensable . No one should drive a car without protection against the potential high cost of lawsuits .
Auto liability coverage is essential . No sensible one should drive a car without protection against the potential high cost of lawsuits .
Auto liability coverage is essential . No one should step on the acccelerator without protection against the potential high cost of lawsuits .
Auto liability coverage is essential . No one should drive a car without protection against the potential exorbitant cost of lawsuits .
Auto coverage is essential . No one should drive a car without protection against the potential high cost of lawsuits .
In some U.S. states liability insurance is required by law . Because of the size of lawsuits can not be predicted , there is no way to know in advancement how much protection will be needed .
In some U.S. states liability insurance is required by law . Because of the size of lawsuits can not be anticipated , there is no way to know in advancement how much protection will be needed .
In some U.S. states liability insurance is required by law . Because of the size of lawsuits can not be predicted , there is no approaches to knowing in advancement how much protection will be needed .
In Melbourne liability insurance is required by law . Because of the size of lawsuits can not be predicted , there is no way to know in advancement how much protection will be needed .
In some U.S. states liability insurance is required by law . Because of the size of lawsuits against defendants can not be predicted , there is no way to know in advancement how much protection will be needed .
In some U.S. states insurance is required by law . Because of the size of lawsuits can not be predicted , there is no way to know in advancement how much protection will be needed .
In deciding upon the amount , consumers should realize that the extra cost of high limits is relatively small . Double the cost of the limits , for example , does not double the cost of the protection . Agents should be asked the cost of several different limits for the buyer to choose among . Reasonably high amounts of liability protection should be a high priority objective .
In deciding upon the amount , consumers should bear in mind that the extra cost of high limits is relatively small . Double the cost of the limits , for example , does not double the cost of the protection . Agents should be asked the cost of several different limits for the buyer to choose among . Reasonably high amounts of liability protection should be a high priority objective .
In deciding upon the amount , consumers should realize that the extra cost of high limits is relatively small . Double the cost of the limits , for instance , does not double the cost of the protection . Agents should be asked the cost of several different limits for the buyer to choose among . Reasonably high amounts of liability protection should be a high priority objective .
In deciding upon the amount , consumers should realize that the extra cost of high limits is relatively small . Double the cost of the limits , for example , does not double the cost of the protection . Agents should be asked the cost of several different limits for the purchaser to choose among . Reasonably high amounts of liability protection should be a high priority objective .
In deciding upon the amount , consumers should realize that the extra cost of high limits is small . Double the cost of the limits , for example , does not double the cost of the protection . Agents should be asked the cost of several different limits for the buyer to choose among . Reasonably high amounts of liability protection should be a high priority objective .
In deciding upon the amount , consumers should realize that the extra cost of high limits is relatively small . Double the cost of the limits , for example , does not double the high cost of the protection . Agents should be asked the cost of several different limits for the buyer to choose among . Reasonably high amounts of liability protection should be a high priority objective .
Medical payments coverage is less important than liability protection . It is most important in the states with strong and effective auto no-fault laws ; there the mandatory PIP ( Personal Injury Protection ) provides sufficient coverage for medical expenses .
Medical payments coverage is of less importance than liability protection . It is most important in the states with strong and effective auto no-fault laws ; there the mandatory PIP ( Personal Injury Protection ) provides sufficient coverage for medical expenses .
Medical payments coverage is less important than liability protection in America . It is most important in the states with strong and effective auto no-fault laws ; there the mandatory PIP ( Personal Injury Protection ) provides sufficient coverage for medical expenses .
Medical payments coverage is less important than liability protection . It is most important in the states with powerful and effective auto no-fault laws ; there the mandatory PIP ( Personal Injury Protection ) provides sufficient coverage for medical expenses .
Medical payments coverage is less important than liability protection . It is most important in the states with strong and viable auto no-fault laws ; there the mandatory PIP ( Personal Injury Protection ) provides sufficient coverage for medical expenses .
Medical payments coverage is less important than liability protection . It is most important in the states with effective auto no-fault laws ; there the mandatory PIP ( Personal Injury Protection ) provides sufficient coverage for medical expenses .
Medical payments insurance is also necessary for people who has adequate health insurance protection . The minimum amount of medical payments insurance in the United States is $ 500 per person . If the protection is needed , higher amounts should be purchased .
Medical payments insurance is also necessary for people who has sufficient health insurance protection . The minimum amount of medical payments insurance in the United States is $ 500 per person . If the protection is needed , higher amounts should be purchased .
Medical payments insurance is also necessary for people who has adequate health insurance protection . The maximum amount of medical payments insurance in the United States is $ 500 per person . If the protection is needed , higher amounts should be purchased .
Medical payments insurance is also necessary for people who has adequate health insurance protection . The minimum amount of medical payments insurance in the United States is $ 500 per person . If the protection is in need , higher amounts should be purchased .
Medical payments insurance is also necessary for people who has adequate health insurance protection . The minimum amount of medical payments insurance is $ 501 per person . If the protection is needed , higher amounts should be purchased .
Medical payments insurance is also necessary for people who has adequate health and financial insurance protection . The minimum amount of medical payments insurance in the United States is $ 500 per person . If the protection is needed , higher amounts should be purchased .
Stopping cigarete smolang has become a big problem for all govenments . In democratic countries , the economic strength of the tobacco industry is such great that measures taken by governments to protect the rights of non-smokers can not be applied efficiently .
Curbing cigarete smolang has become a big problem for all govenments . In democratic countries , the economic strength of the tobacco industry is such great that measures taken by governments to protect the rights of non-smokers can not be applied efficiently .
Stopping cigarete smolang has become an intractable problem for all govenments . In democratic countries , the economic strength of the tobacco industry is such great that measures taken by governments to protect the rights of non-smokers can not be applied efficiently .
Stopping cigarete smolang has become a big problem for all govenments . In autocratic countries , the economic strength of the tobacco industry is such great that measures taken by governments to protect the rights of non-smokers can not be applied efficiently .
Stopping cigarete smolang has become a big problem for all govenments in the world . In democratic countries , the economic strength of the tobacco industry is such great that measures taken by governments to protect the rights of non-smokers can not be applied efficiently .
Stopping cigarete smolang has become a problem for all govenments . In democratic countries , the economic strength of the tobacco industry is such great that measures taken by governments to protect the rights of non-smokers can not be applied efficiently .
In some undemocratic countries , on the other hand , govermments can not be trusted and they lack the motivation to deal with the problem . However under any political system , social conditioning and chemical habit make banning tobacco a formidable task and one that would take a long time .
In some undemocratic countries , on the other hand , govermments can not be trusted and they lack the incentive to deal with the problem . However under any political system , social conditioning and chemical habit make banning tobacco a formidable task and one that would take a long time .
In some undemocratic countries , on the flip side , govermments can not be trusted and they lack the motivation to deal with the problem . However under any political system , social conditioning and chemical habit make banning tobacco a formidable task and one that would take a long time .
In some undemocratic countries , on the other hand , govermments can not be trusted and they lack the motivation to deal with the problem . However under any political system , social conditioning and chemical habit make prohibiting tobacco a formidable task and one that would take a long time .
In some undemocratic countries , on the other hand , govermments can not be trusted and they lack the motivation to deal with the problem . However under any political and economic system , social conditioning and chemical habit make banning tobacco a formidable task and one that would take a long time .
In some countries , on the other hand , govermments can not be trusted and they lack the motivation to deal with the problem . However under any political system , social conditioning and chemical habit make banning tobacco a formidable task and one that would take a long time .
Yet , current information campaigns are failing as worldwide use increases faster than the population . Totally banning cigarette smoking so far as has been unsuccessful in all countries .
Yet , current information campaigns are failing as worldwide use increases faster than expected . Totally banning cigarette smoking so far as has been unsuccessful in all countries .
Yet , current information campaigns are failing as worldwide use increases faster than the population . Totally banning cigarette smoking so far as has been unsuccessful globally .
Yet , current information campaigns are failing as worldwide use increases faster than the population . Completely banning cigarette smoking so far as has been unsuccessful in all countries .
Yet , current information campaigns are failing as worldwide use increases faster than the population . Totally banning cigarette smoking so far as has been proved unsuccessful in all countries .
Yet , current information campaigns are failing as worldwide use increases faster than the population . Totally banning cigarette smoking so far as has been unsuccessful .
An alternative approach includes neither the prohibition of smolng in the workplace and public buildings or the strict lirmitation of smokding to specic areas .
An alternative approach includes neither the banning of smolng in the workplace and public buildings or the strict lirmitation of smokding to specic areas .
An alternative approach includes neither the prohibition of smolng in the workplace or the strict lirmitation of smokding to specic areas .
An alternative approach includes neither the prohibition of smolng in the workplace and public buildings or the strict enactment of law of smokding to specic areas .
An alternative approach includes neither the prohibition of smolng in the workplace and dormitory buildings or the strict lirmitation of smokding to specic areas .
An alternative approach includes neither the prohibition of smolng in the workplace and some public buildings or the strict lirmitation of smokding to specic areas .
This movement may be the greatest success of the information campaign against tobacco . Its leaders insist that despite the continued sale , advertising , and use of tobacco , non-smokers have every right to be exposed to the carcinogens , carbon monoxide , and irritants in tobacco smoke .
This movement may be the greatest success of the information campaign against tobacco . Its leaders maintain that despite the continued sale , advertising , and use of tobacco , non-smokers have every right to be exposed to the carcinogens , carbon monoxide , and irritants in tobacco smoke .
This movement may be the greatest success of the information campaign against tobacco . Its leaders insist that notwithstanding the continued sale , advertising , and use of tobacco , non-smokers have every right to be exposed to the carcinogens , carbon monoxide , and irritants in tobacco smoke .
This movement may be the greatest success of the information campaign against tobacco . Its leaders insist that despite the continued sale , advertising , and use of tobacco , non-smokers have every right to be exposed to the carcinogens , carbon monoxide , and irritants in tobacco smoke in their mundane life .
This movement may be the greatest success of the information campaign against tobacco . Its leaders insist that despite the continued sale , advertising , and use of tobacco , non-smokers should have every right to be exposed to the carcinogens , carbon monoxide , and irritants in tobacco smoke .
This movement may be the greatest success of the information campaign against tobacco . Its leaders insist that non-smokers have every right to be exposed to the carcinogens , carbon monoxide , and irritants in tobacco smoke .
Such a campaign can have three important effects . First of all , by banning the use of tobacco from places that non smokers would be exposed , thousands of lives may be saved .
Such a campaign can have three important effects . First of all , by banning the planting of tobacco from places that non smokers would be exposed , thousands of lives may be saved .
Such a campaign can result in three important effects . First of all , by banning the use of tobacco from places that non smokers would be exposed , thousands of lives may be saved .
Such a campaign can have three important effects . First of all , by banning the use of tobacco from places that non smokers would be exposed , thousands of lives may be rescued .
Such a campaign can have three important effects . First of all , by banning the use of tobacco from places that non smokers would be exposed , thousands of innocent lives may be saved .
Such a campaign can have three effects . First of all , by banning the use of tobacco from places that non smokers would be exposed , thousands of lives may be saved .
Second , by forcing smokers to give up their habit while in the presence of non-smokers will provide them with an added force to quit . And third , by stigmatizing tobacco use as dangerous and antisocial , the campaign for non-smokers ' rights can accomplish a goal of all antismoking information campaigns : to make smokding socially unattractive .
Second , by threatening smokers to give up their habit while in the presence of non-smokers will provide them with an added force to quit . And third , by stigmatizing tobacco use as dangerous and antisocial , the campaign for non-smokers ' rights can accomplish a goal of all antismoking information campaigns : to make smokding socially unattractive .
Second , by forcing smokers to give up their habit while in the presence of non-smokers will provide them with an added force to quit . And third , by demonizing tobacco use as dangerous and antisocial , the campaign for non-smokers ' rights can accomplish a goal of all antismoking information campaigns : to make smokding socially unattractive .
Second , by forcing smokers to give up their habit while in the presence of non-smokers will provide them with an added force to quit . And third , by stigmatizing tobacco use as dangerous and antisocial , the campaign for non-smokers ' rights can accomplish a goal of all antismoking information campaigns : to make smokding socially repulsive .
Second , by forcing smokers to give up their bad habit while in the presence of non-smokers will provide them with an added force to quit . And third , by stigmatizing tobacco use as dangerous and antisocial , the campaign for non-smokers ' rights can accomplish a goal of all antismoking information campaigns : to make smokding socially unattractive .
Second , by forcing smokers to give up their habitwill provide them with an added force to quit . And third , by stigmatizing tobacco use as dangerous and antisocial , the campaign for non-smokers ' rights can accomplish a goal of all antismoking information campaigns : to make smokding socially unattractive .
New research from the United States suggests that the millennia-old therapy of yoga could benefit millions of people who suffered from back problems .
New research from the United States suggests that the millennia-old therapy of acupunture could benefit millions of people who suffered from back problems .
New research from the United States indicates that the millennia-old therapy of yoga could benefit millions of people who suffered from back problems .
New research from the United States suggests that the millennia-old therapy of yoga could benefit millions of people who suffered from kidney problems .
New research from the United States suggests that the millennia-old therapy of yoga could benefit millions of people who suffered from different back problems .
New research suggests that the millennia-old therapy of yoga could benefit millions of people who suffered from back problems .
In an article published in the Annals of Internal Medicine on December 20 , researchers concluded that yoga was a effective treatment for back pain than conventional therapy .
In an article published in the Annals of Internal Medicine on December 20 , researchers concluded that psychotherapy was a effective treatment for back pain than conventional therapy .
In an article published in the Annals of Internal Medicine on December 21 , researchers concluded that yoga was a effective treatment for back pain than traditional therapy .
In a column published in the Annals of Internal Medicine on December 20 , researchers concluded that yoga was a effective treatment for back pain than conventional therapy .
In an article published in the Annals of Internal Medicine on December 20 , medical researchers concluded that yoga was a effective treatment for back pain than conventional therapy .
In an article , researchers concluded that yoga was a effective treatment for back pain than conventional therapy .
A study conducting at the Group Health Cooperative in Washington State required 101 adults to follow a choice of remedial treatments-a 12-week course in yoga , 12 weeks of standard therapeutic exercise or the same period following instructions in the self-help book .
A study conducting at the Group Health Cooperative in Washington State required 101 adults to follow a choice of remedial treatments-a 12-week course in yoga , 12 weeks of standard therapeutic exercise or the same period following instructions in the self-help tutorial .
A study conducting at the Group Health Cooperative in Washington State required 101 adults to follow a wide range of remedial treatments-a 12-week course in yoga , 13 weeks of standard therapeutic exercise or the same period following instructions in the self-help book .
A study conducting at the Group Health Cooperative in Washington State required 101 adults to follow a choice of remedial treatments-a 12-week course in yoga , 12 weeks of standard therapeutic exercise or strictly following instructions in the self-help book .
A recent study conducting at the Group Health Cooperative in Washington State required 101 adults to follow a choice of remedial treatments-a 12-week course in yoga , 12 weeks of standard therapeutic exercise or the same period following instructions in the self-help book .
A study conducting at the Group Health Cooperative required 101 adults to follow a choice of remedial treatments-a 12-week course in yoga , 12 weeks of standard therapeutic exercise or the same period following instructions in the self-help book .
The results showed yoga both expedited relief from pain and had longer lasting benefits . Lead researcher Dr. Karen Sherman said this was because " mind and body effects " were in the collusion .
The results showed yoga both expedited relief from pain and had everlating benefits . Lead researcher Dr. Karen Sherman said this was because " mind and body effects " were in the collusion .
The results showed yoga both expedited relief from pain and had longer lasting benefits . Lead researcher Dr. Karen Sherman said this was because " spirit and body effects " were in the collusion .
The results showed yoga both expedited relief from pain and had longer lasting benefits . Lead researcher Dr. Karen Sherman said this lied in the fact that " mind and body effects " were in the collusion .
The results of an experiment showed yoga both expedited relief from pain and had longer lasting benefits . Lead researcher Dr. Karen Sherman said this was because " mind and body effects " were in the collusion .
The results showed yoga both expedited relief from pain and had longer lasting benefits . Dr. Karen Sherman said this was because " mind and body effects " were in the collusion .
The article states that : " Most treatments for chronic low back pain have modest efficacy at best . Exercise is one of the few proven treatments however , its effects are often small , and no form has been shown to be clear better than another .
The article states that : " Most treatments for chronic low back pain have modest efficacy at best . Workout is one of the few proven treatments however , its effects are often small , and no form has been shown to be clear better than another .
The article states that : " Most treatments for chronic low back pain have modest efficacy at least . Exercise is one of the few proven treatments however , its effects are often small , and no form has been shown to be clear better than another .
The article states that : " Most treatments for chronic low back pain have modest efficacy at best . Exercise is one of the few proven treatments however , its effects are often limited , and no form has been shown to be clear better than another .
The article states that : " Most of these treatments for chronic low back pain have modest efficacy at best . Exercise is one of the few proven treatments however , its effects are often small , and no form has been shown to be clear better than another .
The article states that : " Most treatments have modest efficacy at best . Exercise is one of the few proven treatments however , its effects are often small , and no form has been shown to be clear better than another .
Yoga , which often couples physical exercise with breathing , is a popular alternative form of'mind-body ' therapy . It may benefit patients with back pain simply because it involves exercise or because its effects on mental focus .
Yoga , which often associates physical exercise with breathing , is a popular alternative form of'mind-body ' therapy . It may benefit patients with back pain simply because it involves exercise or because its effects on mental focus .
Yoga , which often couples physical exercise with inhaling and exhaling , is a popular alternative form of'mind-body ' therapy . It may benefit patients with back pain simply because it involves exercise or because its effects on mental focus .
Yoga , which often couples physical exercise with breathing , is a popular alternative form of'mind-body ' therapy . It may benefit patients with back pain simply because it integrates exercise or because its effects on mental focus .
Yoga , which often couples physical exercise with breathing , is a very popular alternative form of'mind-body ' therapy . It may benefit patients with back pain simply because it involves exercise or because its effects on mental focus .
Yogais a popular alternative form of'mind-body ' therapy . It may benefit patients with back pain simply because it involves exercise or because its effects on mental focus .
We found no published studies in western biomedical literacy that evaluated yoga for chronic low back pain ; moreover , we designed a clinical trial to evaluate its effectiveness . "
We found no published studies in western biomedical literacy that evaluated yoga for long-term low back pain ; moreover , we designed a clinical trial to evaluate its effectiveness . "
We found no published studies in western biomedical literacy that evaluated yoga for chronic low back pain ; moreover , we designed a clinical trial to evaluate its efficay . "
We found no published studies in western or eastern biomedical literacy that evaluated yoga for chronic low back pain ; moreover , we designed a clinical trial to evaluate its effectiveness . "
We found no published studies in western biomedical literacy that evaluated yoga for chronic low back pain ; moreover , we launched a clinical trial to evaluate its effectiveness . "
We found no studies in western biomedical literacy that evaluated yoga for chronic low back pain ; moreover , we designed a clinical trial to evaluate its effectiveness . "
Millions of people worldwide swear at yoga to improve their mental and physical health .
Millions of people worldwide determine at yoga to improve their mental and physical health .
Millions of people worldwide swear at yoga to better their mental and physical health .
Millions of people in the workplace worldwide swear at yoga to improve their mental and physical health .
Millions of people worldwide swear at yoga to energize their mental and physical health .
Millions of people swear at yoga to improve their mental and physical health .
Colleges and Universities , institutions of higher education that offer programs beyond the high school level . Colleges and universities provide necessary training for individuals are wishing to enter professional careers .
Colleges and Universities , institutions of higher education that offer programs beyond the senior high school level . Colleges and universities provide necessary training for individuals are wishing to enter professional careers .
Colleges and Universities , institutions of higher education that offer programs beyond the high school level . Colleges and universities provide essential training for individuals are wishing to enter professional careers .
Colleges and Universities , institutions of higher education that offer programs beyond the high school level . Colleges and universities provide necessary training for individuals are desiring to enter professional careers .
Colleges and Universities , institutions of higher education that offer programs beyond the high school level . Colleges and universities provide necessary training for individuals are wishing to embark upon professional careers .
Colleges institutions of higher education that offer programs beyond the high school level . Colleges provide necessary training for individuals are wishing to enter professional careers .
They also strive to develop students ' creativity , insight , and analysis skills .
They also strive to cultivate students ' creativity , insight , and analysis skills .
They also strive to develop students ' creativity , insight , and analysis skills needed in society .
Collage professors also strive to develop students ' creativity , insight , and analysis skills .
They also strive to develop students ' innovative ability , insight , and analysis skills .
They strive to develop students ' creativity , insight , and analysis skills .
By acquainting students with complex ideas in an intellectual stimulating environment , colleges and universities can provide unique opportunities with personal enrichment while also preparing students for future careers .
By acquainting students with complex ideas in an intellectual inspiring environment , colleges and universities can provide unique opportunities with personal enrichment while also preparing students for future careers .
By acquainting students with complex ideas in an intellectual stimulating environment , colleges and universities can provide unique opportunities with personal cultivation while also preparing students for future careers .
By acquainting students with complex ideas in an intellectual stimulating environment , colleges and universities can provide unique opportunities with personal enrichment while also preparing students for future careers .
By acquainting some students with complex ideas in an intellectual stimulating environment , colleges and universities can provide unique opportunities with personal enrichment while also preparing students for future careers .
By acquainting students with complex ideas in an intellectual stimulating environment , colleges can provide unique opportunities with personal enrichment while also preparing students for future careers .
Such diverse professions as engineering , teaching , law , medicine , and information science all require a college education . Most require training in graduate or professional school as well . Increasingly , even less specialized jobs acquire some postsecondary education .
Such diverse occupations as engineering , teaching , law , medicine , and information science all require a college education . Most require training in graduate or professional school as well . Increasingly , even less specialized jobs acquire some postsecondary education .
Such diverse professions as engineering , teaching , law , medicine , and information science all require a college diploma . Most require training in graduate or professional school as well . Increasingly , even less specialized jobs acquire some postsecondary education .
Such diverse professions as engineering , teaching , law , medicine , and information science all require a college education . Most require training in graduate or professional school as well . Increasingly , even less specialized jobs acquire some postsecondary education background.
Such diverse professions as engineering , teaching , law , medicine , and information science all require a college education . Most require training in graduateschool as well . Increasingly , even less specialized jobs acquire some postsecondary education .
Such diverse professions as engineering , teaching , law , medicine , and information science all entail a college education . Most require training in graduate or professional school as well . Increasingly , even less specialized jobs acquire some postsecondary education .
The development of new technologies and the globalization of the world economy have created high demand for workers with computer , communications , and other occupational skills that can be acquired at colleges or universities . For example , computers and other new technologies have eliminated many low-skilled jobs in variety of fields , but these same technologies have created widespread job opportunities for those who have the proper training .
The development of new technologies and the globalization of the world economy have created high demand for employees with computer , communications , and other occupational skills that can be acquired at colleges or universities . For example , computers and other new technologies have eliminated many low-skilled jobs in variety of fields , but these same technologies have created widespread job opportunities for those who have the proper training .
The development of new technologies and the globalization of the world economy have created high demand for workers with computer , exchanges , and other occupational skills that can be acquired at colleges or universities . For example , computers and other new technologies have eliminated many low-skilled jobs in variety of fields , but these same technologies have created widespread job opportunities for those who have the proper training .
The development of new technologies and the globalization of the world economy have created high demand for workers with computer , communications , and other occupational skills that can be acquired at colleges or universities . For example , computers and other new technologies have obsoleted many low-skilled jobs in variety of fields , but these same technologies have created widespread job opportunities for those who have the proper training .
The development of new technologies and the globalization of the world economy have created high demand for good workers with computer , communications , and other occupational skills that can be acquired at colleges or universities . For example , computers and other new technologies have eliminated many low-skilled jobs in variety of fields , but these same technologies have created widespread job opportunities for those who have the proper training .
The development of new technologies and the globalization of the world economy have created high demand for workers with computer , communications , and other occupational skills . For example , computers and other new technologies have eliminated many low-skilled jobs in variety of fields , but these same technologies have created widespread job opportunities for those who have the proper training .
In addition , employees increasingly seek out college graduates who have gained the critical thinking and problem-solving skills necessary to adopt to changing economic conditions .
In addition , employees increasingly are in need of college graduates who have gained the critical thinking and problem-solving skills necessary to adopt to changing economic conditions .
In addition , employees increasingly seek out college graduates who have gained the critical thinking and problem-solving skills needed to adopt to changing economic conditions .
In addition , employees increasingly seek out college graduates who have gained the critical thinking and problem-solving skills necessary to adopt to the rapidly changing economic conditions .
In addition , employees increasingly seek out college graduates who have gained the critical thinking and problem-solving skills necessary to adopt to changing economic contexts .
In addition , employees seek out college graduates who have gained the critical thinking and problem-solving skills necessary to adopt to changing economic conditions .
Students who live away from home during their college or university years typically experience a major turning point in their lives that has nothing to do with academics or professional training .
Students who live away from home during their college or university years typically undergo a major turning point in their lives that has nothing to do with academics or professional training .
Students who live away from home during their college or university years typically experience a major turning point in their lives that has nothing to do with academics or professional training in higher education institutions.
Students who live not far from home during their college or university years typically experience a major turning point in their lives that has nothing to do with academics or professional training .
Students who live away from home during their college or university years typically experience a critical turning point in their lives that has nothing to do with academics or professional training .
Students who live away from home during their college or university years typically experience a turning point in their lives that has nothing to do with academics or professional training .
For example , college offers many recent high school graduates their first opportunity to live on their own . Most first-year students welcome this increased independence , and many also find that living away from home , family , and friends can introduce unexpected challenges .
For example , college or university offers many recent high school graduates their first opportunity to live on their own . Most first-year students welcome this increased independence , and many also find that living away from home , family , and friends can introduce unexpected challenges .
For example , college offers many recent high school graduates their first opportunity to live on their own . Most freshmen welcome this increased independence , and many also find that living away from home , family , and friends can introduce unexpected challenges .
For example , college offers many recent high school graduates their first opportunity to live on their own . Most first-year students welcome this increased independence , and many also find that living away from home , family , and friends can run into unexpected challenges .
For example , college offers many recent high school graduates their first opportunity to live on their own . Most first-year students welcome this increased independence , and many also find that living away from home , family , and friends can introduce formidable challenges .
For example , college offers many high school graduates their first opportunity to live on their own . Most first-year students welcome this increased independence , and many also find that living away from home , family , and friends can introduce unexpected challenges .
A major aspect of many firms ' marketing strategies over the past decade have been the development of new products .
A major aspect of many firms ' marketing strategies over the past decade have been the advent of new products .
A major aspect of many enterprises ' marketing strategies over the past decade have been the development of new products .
A major aspect of many firms in commercial complexes' marketing strategies over the past decade have been the development of new products .
A major aspect of many firms ' marketing strategies over the past decade have been the development of innovative products .
A major aspect of many firms ' strategies over the past decade have been the development of new products .
Consumer-product companies are launching nearly 30,000 new products each year , according to the research firm Marketing Intelligence Service ( compared with only 2,689 in 1980 ) . The market has become saturated new brands , which often lack any significant advantages that can be used as the base of an advertising campaign .
Consumer-product companies are launching approximately 30,000 new products each year , according to the research firm Marketing Intelligence Service ( compared with only 2,689 in 1980 ) . The market has become saturated new brands , which often lack any significant advantages that can be used as the base of an advertising campaign .
Consumer-product companies are launching nearly 30,000 new products each year , according to the research firm Marketing Intelligence Service ( compared with only 2,689 in 1981 ) . The market has become saturated new rivals , which often lack any significant advantages that can be used as the base of an advertising campaign .
Consumer-product companies are launching nearly 30,000 new products each year , according to the research firm Marketing Intelligence Service ( compared with only 2,689 in 1980 ) . The market has become saturated new brands , which often lack any significant advantages that can be applied as the base of an advertising campaign .
Consumer-product companies are launching nearly 30,000 new products each year , according to the research firm Marketing Intelligence Service ( compared with only 2,689 in 1980 ) . The market has already become saturated new brands , which often lack any significant advantages that can be used as the base of an advertising campaign .
Consumer-product companies are launching 30,000 new products each year , according to the research firm Marketing Intelligence Service ( compared with only 2,689 in 1980 ) . The market has become saturated new brands , which often lack any significant advantages that can be used as the base of an advertising campaign .
Moreover , companies increasingly depend on sales promotion to encourage consumers to try these brands .
Moreover , companies to a large extent depend on sales promotion to encourage consumers to try these brands .
Moreover , companies increasingly depend on sales promotion to encourage potential consumers to try these brands .
Moreover , fortune 500 companies increasingly depend on sales promotion to encourage consumers to try these brands .
Moreover , these companies increasingly depend on sales promotion to encourage consumers to try these brands .
Moreover , companies depend on sales promotion to encourage consumers to try these brands .
Marketers are relying less on samples , coupons , rebates , premiums , and other innovatively promotional tools to achieve rial usage of their new brands and encourage repeat purchase .
Marketers are relying less on samples , coupons , discounts , premiums , and other innovatively promotional tools to achieve rial usage of their new brands and encourage repeat purchase .
Marketers are relying less on samples , coupons , rebates , premiums , and other innovatively promotional tools to achieve rial usage of their new brands .
Marketers are relying less on samples , coupons , rebates , premiums , and other innovatively promotional tools to achieve rial usage of their new brands and encourage habitual purchase .
Marketers are relying less on samples , coupons , rebates , premiums , and other innovatively promotional tools to achieve rial usage of their new brands and stimulate repeat purchase .
Marketers are relying less on samples , coupons , rebates , premiums , and other innovatively promotional tools to achieve rial usage of their new brands and encourage consumers to repeat purchase .
Promotions are also important in getting retailers to allocate some of their precious shelf space by new brands .
Promotions are also important in getting retailers to dispensing some of their precious shelf space by new brands .
Promotions are also important in getting supermarkets to allocate some of their precious shelf space by new brands .
Promotions are also important in getting retailers in downtown to allocate some of their precious shelf space by new brands .
Promotions are also very important in getting retailers to allocate some of their precious shelf space by new brands .
Promotions are important in getting retailers to allocate some of their precious shelf space by new brands .
The competition for shelf space for new products in stores is enormous . Supermarkets cary an average of 30,000 products ( compared with 13,067 in 1982 ) . Retailers favor of new brands with strong sales promotion support will bring in more customers and boost their sales and profits .
The rivalry for shelf space for new products in stores is enormous . Supermarkets cary an average of 30,000 products ( compared with 13,067 in 1982 ) . Retailers favor of new brands with strong sales promotion support will bring in more customers and boost their sales and profits .
The competition for shelf space for new products in stores is fierce . Supermarkets cary an average of 30,000 products ( compared with 13,067 in 1982 ) . Retailers favor of new brands with strong sales promotion support will bring in more customers and boost their sales and profits .
The competition for shelf space for new products in stores is enormous . Supermarkets cary an average of 30,000 products ( compared with 13,067 in 1983 ) . Retailers prefer of new brands with strong sales promotion support will bring in more customers and boost their sales and profits .
The competition for shelf space for new products in stores is enormous . Supermarkets cary an average of 30,000 products ( compared with 13,067 in 1982 ) . Retailers favor of new brands with strong sales promotion support will bring in more customers and boost their sales .
The competition for shelf space for new products in these stores is enormous . Supermarkets cary an average of 30,000 products ( compared with 13,067 in 1982 ) . Retailers favor of new brands with strong sales promotion support will bring in more customers and boost their sales and profits .
Many retailers require special discounts or allowances from manufacturers just to handle a new product . These slotting fees or allowances , which are discussed later in the chapter , can make it expensive for a manufacture to introduce a new product .
Many retailers are in need of special discounts or allowances from manufacturers just to handle a new product . These slotting fees or allowances , which are discussed later in the chapter , can make it expensive for a manufacture to introduce a new product .
Many retailers require special discounts or allowances from manufacturers just to cope with a new product . These slotting fees or allowances , which are discussed later in the chapter , can make it expensive for a manufacture to introduce a new product .
Many retailers require special discounts or allowances from manufacturers just to handle a new product . These slotting fees , which are discussed later in the chapter , can make it expensive for a manufacture to introduce a new product .
Many retailers require special discounts or allowances from manufacturers just to handle a new product . These slotting fees or allowances , which are discussed later in the chapter , can make it expensive for a manufacture to bring in a new product .
Many retailers require special discounts or allowances from manufacturers just to handle a new product . These slotting fees or allowances , which are discussed later in the chapter , can make it quite expensive for a manufacture to introduce a new product .
At the tun of the 20th century , Dutch physician Christian Eijkman showed that disease can be caused not only by microorganisms but by a dietary efficiency of certain substances now called vitamins .
At the tun of the 20th century , Dutch physician Christian Eijkman showed that disease can be attibutable not only to microorganisms but to a dietary efficiency of certain substances now called vitamins .
At the tun of the 20th century , Dutch physician Christian Eijkman indicated that disease can be caused not only by microorganisms but by a dietary efficiency of certain substances now called vitamins .
At the tun of the 21th century , Dutch physician Christian Eijkman showed that disease can be caused not only by microorganisms but by a dietary efficiency of certain substances .
At the tun of the 20th century , Dutch physician Catholic Eijkman showed that disease can be caused not only by microorganisms but by a dietary efficiency of certain substances now called vitamins .
At the tun of the 20th century , Dutch physician Christian Eijkman who was also a doctor showed that disease can be caused not only by microorganisms but by a dietary efficiency of certain substances now called vitamins .
In 1909 German bacteriologist Paul Ehrlich introduced the world 's first bactericide , a chemical designed to kill specifc kands of bacteria with kalling the patient 's cells as well .
In 1909 German bacteriologist Paul Ehrlich introduced the world 's first bactericide , a chemical designed to kill specifc kands of bacteria with kalling the patient 's cells .
In 1909 German bacteriologist Paul Ehrlich introduced the world 's first bactericide , a chemical necessary to kill specifc kands of bacteria with kalling the patient 's cells as well .
In 1910 German bacteriologist Paul Ehrlich introduced the world 's first antibiotics , a chemical designed to kill specifc kands of bacteria with kalling the patient 's cells as well .
In 1909 German bacteriologist Paul Ehrlich introduced the world 's first bactericide , a chemical designed to eradicate specifc kands of bacteria with kalling the patient 's cells as well .
In 1909 German bacteriologist Paul Ehrlich who was also a doctor introduced the world 's first bactericide , a chemical designed to kill specifc kands of bacteria with kalling the patient 's cells as well .
Following the discovery of penicllin in 1928 by British bacteriologist Sir Alexander Fleming , antibiotics joined medicine 's chemical armory , malkang the fight against bacterial infection almost a routine matter . Antibiotics can not act as viruses , but vaccines have been used to greatly effect to prevent some of the deadliest viral diseases .
Following the discovery of penicllin in 1928 by British bacteriologist Sir Alexander Fleming , antibiotics joined medicine 's chemical armory , malkang the fight against bacterial infection almost a piece of cake . Antibiotics can not act as viruses , but vaccines have been used to greatly effect to prevent some of the deadliest viral diseases .
Following the discovery of penicllin in 1929 by British bacteriologist Sir Alexander Fleming , antibiotics joined medicine 's chemical armory , malkang the fight against bacterial infection almost a routine matter . Antibiotics can not act as viruses , but vaccines have been used to greatly effect to prevent some of the most lethal viral diseases .
Following the advent of penicllin in 1928 by British bacteriologist Sir Alexander Fleming , antibiotics joined medicine 's chemical armory , malkang the fight against bacterial infection almost a routine matter . Antibiotics can not act as viruses , but vaccines have been used to greatly effect to prevent some of the deadliest viral diseases .
Following the discovery of penicllin in 1928 by British bacteriologist Sir Alexander Fleming , antibiotics quickly joined medicine 's chemical armory , malkang the fight against bacterial infection almost a routine matter . Antibiotics can not act as viruses , but vaccines have been used to greatly effect to prevent some of the deadliest viral diseases .
Following the discovery of penicllinby British bacteriologist Sir Alexander Fleming , antibiotics joined medicine 's chemical armory , malkang the fight against bacterial infection almost a routine matter . Antibiotics can not act as viruses , but vaccines have been used to greatly effect to prevent some of the deadliest viral diseases .
Smallpox , once a worldwide killer , was completely eradicated by the late 1970s , and in the United States a number of polio cases dropped from 38,000 in the 1950s to less than 10 a year by the 2lst century .
Smallpox , once a worldwide killer , was thoroughly eradicated by the late 1970s , and in the United States a number of polio cases dropped from 38,000 in the 1950s to less than 10 a year by the 2lst century .
Smallpox , once a worldwide killer , was completely eradicated by the late 1970s , and in the United States a number of polio cases plunged from 38,000 in the 1950s to less than 10 a year by the 2lst century .
Smallpox , once a worldwide killer , was completely eradicated by the late 1970s , and in the United States a number of polio cases dropped from 38,000 in the 1950s to less than a dozen a year by the 3lst century .
Smallpox , once a worldwide killer , was completely eradicated by the late 1970s , and in the United States a number of polio cases dropped from 38,000 to less than 10 a year by the 2lst century .
Smallpox , once a worldwide killer, was completely eradicated by the late 1970s , and in the United States a number of polio cases dramatically dropped from 38,000 in the 1950s to less than 10 a year by the 2lst century .
By the middle of the 20th century scientists believed they were well on the way to treating , preventing , or eradicating many of the most deadly infectious diseases that plagued humanldnd for centuries .
By the middle of the 20th century scientists believed they were well in the process of treating , preventing , or eradicating many of the most deadly infectious diseases that plagued humanldnd for centuries .
By the middle of the 21th century scientists believed they were well on the way to treating , preventing , or eliminating many of the most deadly infectious diseases that plagued humanldnd for centuries .
By the middle of the 20th century scientists believed they were well on the way to treating , preventing , or eradicating many of the most deadly contagious diseases that plagued humanldnd for centuries .
By the middle of the 20th century many scientists believed they were well on the way to treating , preventing , or eradicating many of the most deadly infectious diseases that plagued humanldnd for centuries .
By the middle of the 20th century scientists believed they were well on the way to treating , preventingmany of the most deadly infectious diseases that plagued humanldnd for centuries .
And by the 1980s the medical community 's confidence in its ability to control the infectious diseases had been shaken by the emergency of new types of disease-causing microorganisms .
And by the 1980s the medical domain 's confidence in its ability to control the infectious diseases had been shaken by the emergency of new types of disease-causing microorganisms .
And by the 1981s the medical community 's confidence in its ability to control the infectious diseases had been shaken by the emergency of new types of disease-causing viruses .
And by the 1980s the medical community 's confidence in its ability to control the infectious diseases had been shattered by the emergency of new types of disease-causing microorganisms .
And by the 1980s the medical community 's confidence in its ability to control the infectious diseases had already been shaken by the emergency of new types of disease-causing microorganisms .
And by the 1980s the medical community 's confidence in its ability to control the infectious diseases had been shaken by the emergency of disease-causing microorganisms .
New cases of tuberculosis developed , caused by bacteria strains that were resistant to antibiotics . New , deadly infections on which there was no known cure also appeared , including the viruses that cause hemorhagic fever and the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , the cause of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome .
New cases of tuberculosis developed , caused by bacteria strains that were resistant to antibiotics . New , lethal infections on which there was no known cure also appeared , including the viruses that cause hemorhagic fever and the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , the cause of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome .
New cases of tuberculosis developed , caused by bacteria strains that were resistant to antibiotics . New , deadly infections on which there was no known remedy also appeared , including the viruses that cause hemorhagic fever and the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , the cause of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome .
New cases of tuberculosis developed , caused by bacteria strains that were resistant to antibiotics . New , deadly infections on which there was no known cure also appeared , including the viruses that lead to hemorhagic fever and the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , the cause of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome .
New cases of tuberculosis developed , caused by bacteria strains that were resistant to antibiotics . New , deadly infections on which there was no known cure also appeared , including the deadly viruses that cause hemorhagic fever and the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , the cause of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome .
New cases of tuberculosis developed , caused by bacteria strains that were resistant to antibiotics . New , deadly infections on which there was no known cure also appeared , including the viruses that cause the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , the cause of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome .
Probably for as long as there have been sales forces , managers have sought ways to determine whether they are effective or not . In the past , salespeople were estimated on the basis of their sales-that is , did they reach their sales quotas ?
Possibly for as long as there have been sales forces , managers have sought ways to determine whether they are effective or not . In the past , salespeople were estimated on the basis of their sales-that is , did they reach their sales quotas ?
Probably for as long as there have been sales forces , managers have sought ways to assess whether they are effective or not . In the past , salespeople were estimated on the basis of their sales-that is , did they reach their sales quotas ?
Probably for as long as there have been sales forces , managers have sought ways to determine whether they are competent or not . In the past , salespeople were estimated on the basis of their sales-that is , did they reach their sales quotas ?
Probably for as long as there have been sales forces , managers have sought ways to determine whether they are effective . In the past , salespeople were estimated on the basis of their sales-that is , did they reach their sales quotas ?
Probably for as long as there have been sales forces , capable managers have sought ways to determine whether they are effective or not . In the past , salespeople were estimated on the basis of their sales-that is , did they reach their sales quotas ?
With the role of the sales force changed from being purely concerned with selling to becoming more involved in marketing and took more responsible for maintaining customer relationships , managers recognized the need for expanding evaluative criteria beyond just the achievement of sales goals .
With the role of the sales force changed from being purely associated with selling to becoming more involved in marketing and took more responsible for maintaining customer relationships , managers recognized the need for expanding evaluative criteria beyond just the achievement of sales goals .
With the role of the sales force changed from being solely concerned with selling to becoming more involved in marketing and took more responsible for maintaining customer relationships , managers recognized the need for expanding evaluative criteria beyond just the achievement of sales goals .
With the role of the sales force changed from being purely concerned with selling to becoming more engaged in marketing and took more responsible for maintaining customer relationships , managers recognized the need for expanding evaluative criteria beyond just the achievement of sales goals .
With the role of the sales force changed from being purely concerned with selling to becoming more involved in marketing and took more responsible for maintaining customer relationships , managers recognized the demand for expanding evaluative criteria beyond just the achievement of sales goals .
With the role of the sales force changed from being concerned with selling to becoming more involved in marketing and took more responsible for maintaining customer relationships , managers recognized the need for expanding evaluative criteria beyond just the achievement of sales goals .
The evaluation criteria of today are vast different from those in the past . Sure , sales are still important , but now other measures are gaining in importance as well .
The evaluation yardsticks of today are vast different from those in the past . Sure , sales are still important , but now other measures are gaining in importance as well .
The evaluation criteria of today are vast dissimilar to those in the past . Sure , sales are still important , but now other measures are gaining in importance as well .
The evaluation criteria of today are vast different from those in the past few years . Sure , sales are still important , but now other measures are gaining in importance as well .
The evaluation criteria of today are vast different from those in the past . Sure , sales are still of great importance , but now other measures are gaining in importance as well .
The evaluation criteria of today are vast different from those in the past . Sure , sales are still important , but other measures are gaining in importance as well .
One of the more often discussed measures is ROI ( return on investment ) . More and more top executives are askding their sales managers for accountant-as in " Are we getting the returns we seek from the sales force ? "
One of the more often discussed measures is ROI ( return on investment ) . More and more top executives are askding their sales managers for accountant-as in " Are we getting the revenue we seek from the sales force ? "
One of the more often discussed measures is ROI ( return on investment ) . An increasing number of top executives are askding their sales managers for accountant-as in " Are we getting the returns we seek from the sales force ? "
One of the more often discussed measures is ROI ( return on investment ) . More and more top executives in fortune 500 companies are askding their sales managers for accountant-as in " Are we getting the returns we seek from the sales force ? "
One of the more often discussed measures is ROI ( return on investment ) . More and more top executives are askding their sales managers for accountant-as in " Are we getting the returns we obtain from the sales force ? "
One of the measures is ROI ( return on investment ) . More and more top executives are askding their sales managers for accountant-as in " Are we getting the returns we seek from the sales force ? "
The idea is that by measuring the impact of programs designing to aid the selling process as well as measuring sales closures , the marketing team can be more effective and efficient .
The idea is that by measuring the impact of programs designing to facilitate the selling process as well as measuring sales closures , the marketing team can be more effective and efficient .
The idea is that by measuring the impact of programs designing to aid the selling process as well as measuring sales closures , the marketing team can be exceedingly effective and efficient .
The idea is that by assessing the impact of programs designing to aid the selling process as well as measuring sales closures , the marketing team can be more effective and efficient .
The idea is that by measuring the impact of programs designing to aid the selling process as well as measuring sales closures , the marketing team can be more effective .
The rough idea is that by measuring the impact of programs designing to aid the selling process as well as measuring sales closures , the marketing team can be more effective and efficient .
Fortunately , it is n't always that easy .
Fortunately , it doesn't always stay that easy .
Fortunately , coordinating the marketing team is n't always that easy .
Fortunately , it is n't always that easy to acheive the goal .
Fortunately , it is far from always that easy .
Fortunately , it is n't that easy .
In a survey conducted in 2002 of companies with a marketing budget of $ 1 milion or more,56 percent indicated they had no system for measuring the ROI on their marketing investments . As noted by David Reibstein of the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School of Business , " In marketing , benefits as advertising impact are n't easily put into dollar returns .
In a survey conducted in 2002 of companies with a marketing budget of $ 1 milion or more,56 percent indicated they had no criteria for measuring the ROI on their marketing investments . As noted by David Reibstein of the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School of Business , " In marketing , benefits as advertising impact are n't easily put into dollar returns .
In a survey conducted in 2002 of companies with a marketing budget of $ 1 milion or more,57 percent indicated they had no system for measuring the ROI on their marketing investments . As remarked by David Reibstein of the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School of Business , " In marketing , benefits as advertising impact are n't easily put into dollar returns .
In a survey conducted in 2002 of companies with a marketing budget of $ 1 milion or more,56 percent indicated they had no system for measuring the ROI on their marketing investments . As noted by David Reibstein of the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School of Business , " In marketing , benefits as advertising impact are n't easily converted into dollar returns .
In a comprehensive survey conducted in 2002 of companies with a marketing budget of $ 1 milion or more,56 percent indicated they had no system for measuring the ROI on their marketing investments . As noted by David Reibstein of the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School of Business , " In marketing , benefits as advertising impact are n't easily put into dollar returns .
In a survey of companies with a marketing budget of $ 1 milion or more,56 percent indicated they had no system for measuring the ROI on their marketing investments . As noted by David Reibstein of the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School of Business , " In marketing , benefits as advertising impact are n't easily put into dollar returns .
It takes a leap faith to come with a number . "
Starting up the business takes a leap faith to come with a number . "
It takes a leap faith to come with benefits . "
It takes a leap faith to harvest a number . "
It just takes a leap faith to come with a number . "
It takes a leap faith . "
Marketers know that it is often difficult to separate advertising , promotions , and other communications efforts in the selling effort .
Marketers know that it is often by no means easy to separate advertising , promotions , and other communications efforts in the selling effort .
Marketers know that it is often difficult to separate advertising , promotions , and other communications efforts in the selling endeavour .
Marketers know that it is often difficult to separate advertising , promotions , and other communications toil in the selling effort .
Marketers do not know that it is often difficult to separate advertising , promotions , and other communications efforts in the selling effort .
Marketers know that it is difficult to separate advertising , promotions , and other communications efforts in the selling effort .
Besides concerns about how ads affect individuals , critics have raised ethical issues about how advertising affects society . For example , J . K. Galbraith argued that advertising creates the desires that the production of consumer goods then satisfy .
Besides anxieties about how ads affect individuals , critics have raised ethical issues about how advertising affects society . For example , J . K. Galbraith argued that advertising creates the desires that the production of consumer goods then satisfy .
Besides concerns about how ads affect individuals , critics have raised ethical issues about how advertising makes an impact on society . For example , J . K. Galbraith argued that advertising creates the desires that the production of consumer goods then satisfy .
Besides concerns about how ads affect individuals , critics have raised ethical issues about how advertising affects society . For example , J . K. Galbraith contended that advertising creates the desires that the production of consumer goods then satisfy .
Besides some concerns about how ads affect individuals , critics have raised ethical issues about how advertising affects society . For example , J . K. Galbraith argued that advertising creates the desires that the production of consumer goods then satisfy .
Besides concerns about how ads affect individuals , critics have raised issues about how advertising affects society . For example , J . K. Galbraith argued that advertising creates the desires that the production of consumer goods then satisfy .
Others accuse advertising for creating a materialistic society full of people think that happiness lies in owning things and who are obsessed with buying consumer goods .
Others accuse advertising for creating a materialistic society full of people think that happiness lies in owning things and who indulge in buying consumer goods .
Others accuse advertising for constructing a materialistic society full of people think that happiness lies in owning things and who are obsessed with buying consumer goods .
Others accuse advertising for creating a materialistic society full of people think that happiness lies in owning things and who are obsessed with buying consumer commodities .
Others accuse advertising for creating a materialistic society full of people think that true happiness lies in owning things and who are obsessed with buying consumer goods .
Others accuse advertising for creating a society full of people think that happiness lies in owning things and who are obsessed with buying consumer goods .
These critics think we are creating a society in which private goods are plentiful and in which public goods , which are seldom advertised , are ignored-a society rich in private cars but whose highways and streets are disintegrating .
These critics think we are creating a society in which private goods are plentiful and in which public commodities , which are seldom advertised , are ignored-a society rich in private cars but whose highways and streets are disintegrating .
These critics think we are creating a society in which private goods are plentiful and in which public goods , which are scarcely advertised , are ignored-a society rich in private cars but whose highways and streets are disintegrating .
These critics think we are creating a society in which private goods are plentiful and in which public goods , which are seldom advertised , are neglected-a society rich in private cars but whose highways and streets are disintegrating .
These outspoken critics think we are creating a society in which private goods are plentiful and in which public goods , which are seldom advertised , are ignored-a society rich in private cars but whose highways and streets are disintegrating .
These critics think we are creating a society in which private goods are plentiful and in which public goods , which are seldom advertised , are ignored-a society rich in private cars but whose streets are disintegrating .
Ads drive selfish consumption on the expense of friendship , community , art , and truth .
Ads beget selfish consumption on the expense of friendship , community , art , and truth .
Ads on the screen drive selfish consumption on the expense of friendship , community , art , and truth .
Ads drive selfish consumption on the expense of friendship , community , art , and kindness .
Ads drive selfish consumption on the expense of friendship , community , taste , and truth .
Ads drive selfish consumption on the expense of friendship , art , and truth .
Furthermore , advertising alows the system to " buy off " political unsatisfied people with promises and consumer goods , leading to political apathy and the undermining of democracy . However , there are many who think these sorts of criticisms exaggerate the impact of ads on society .
Furthermore , advertising alows the system to " buy off " political unsatisfied officials with promises and consumer goods , leading to political apathy and the undermining of democracy . However , there are many who think these sorts of criticisms exaggerate the impact of ads on society .
Furthermore , advertising alows the system to " buy off " political unsatisfied people with promises and consumer goods , resulting in political apathy and the undermining of democracy . However , there are many who think these sorts of criticisms exaggerate the impact of ads on society .
Furthermore , advertising alows the system to " buy off " political unsatisfied people with promises and consumer goods , leading to political apathy . However , there are many who think these sorts of criticisms exaggerate the impact of ads on society .
Furthermore , advertising alows the system to " buy off " political unsatisfied people with promises and consumer goods , leading to political callousness and the undermining of democracy . However , there are many who think these sorts of criticisms exaggerate the impact of ads on society .
Furthermore , advertising alows the system to " buy off " political unsatisfied people with promises and consumer goods , leading to political apathy and the undermining of democracy . However , there are many people who think these sorts of criticisms exaggerate the impact of ads on society .
Major social changes are caused by advertising ; ads follow social trends , and they do n't create them .
Major social changes are caused by advertising ; ads come along with social trends , and they do n't create them .
Major social changes are caused by advertising ; ads follow social trends , and they do n't generate them .
Major social transformations are caused by advertising ; ads follow social trends , and they do n't create them .
Major social changes are usually caused by advertising ; ads follow social trends , and they do n't create them .
Majorchanges are caused by advertising ; ads follow social trends , and they do n't create them .
This debate centers on two perhaps resolvable issues .
This debate centers on two major resolvable issues .
This debate centers on two perhaps resolvable tricky issues .
The recent debate centers on two perhaps resolvable issues .
This symposium centers on two perhaps resolvable issues .
This debate centers on two resolvable issues .
First , there is the empirical question of how much impact advertising has on society ; this is difficult to answer because the effect of ads can not be separated from other social forces , and because it is hard to determine whether ads cause or follow social trends . Second , there is the ethical question of whether the purported effects , such as materialism , are morally objective .
First , there is the empirical question of how much impact advertising has on society ; this is difficult to respond to it because the effect of ads can not be separated from other social forces , and because it is hard to determine whether ads cause or follow social trends . Second , there is the ethical question of whether the purported effects , such as materialism , are morally objective .
First , there is the empirical question of how much impact advertising has on society ; this is difficult to answer in that the effect of ads can not be separated from other social forces , and because it is hard to determine whether ads cause or follow social trends . Second , there is the ethical question of whether the purported effects , such as materialism , are morally objective .
First , there is the empirical question of how much impact advertising has on society ; this is difficult to answer because the effect of ads can not be set apart from other social forces , and because it is hard to determine whether ads cause or follow social trends . Second , there is the ethical question of whether the purported effects , such as materialism , are morally objective .
First , there is the empirical question of how much impact advertising has on society ; this is difficult to answer because the effect of ads can not be separated from other social forces , and because it is hard to determine whether ads cause social trends . Second , there is the ethical question of whether the purported effects , such as materialism , are morally objective .
First , there is the empirical question of how much impact advertising has on society ; this is very difficult to answer because the effect of ads can not be separated from other social forces , and because it is hard to determine whether ads cause or follow social trends . Second , there is the ethical question of whether the purported effects , such as materialism , are morally objective .
Perhaps it is more helpful to look at specific issues rather than the social impact of advertising in the general .
It is likely to be more helpful to look at specific issues rather than the social impact of advertising in the general .
Perhaps it is more helpful to look at specific issues instead of the social impact of advertising in the general .
Perhaps it is more helpful to look at specific issues in our daily life rather than the social impact of advertising in the general .
Perhaps it is more helpful to dissect specific issues rather than the social impact of advertising in the general .
It is more helpful to look at specific issues rather than the social impact of advertising in the general.
Since its conception , the European Union has been a haven for those seeling refuge of war , persecution and poverty in other parts of the world .
Since its conception , the United Nations has been a haven for those seeling refuge of war , persecution and poverty in other parts of the world .
Since its conception , the European Union has been a haven for those seeling refuge of war , persecution and famine in other parts of the world .
Since its conception , the European Union has been a haven for those seeling refuge of war , persecution and poverty in underdeveloped regions .
Since its conception , the European Union has been a real haven for those seeling refuge of war , persecution and poverty in other parts of the world .
Since its conception , the European Union has been a haven for those seeling refuge of war, and poverty in other parts of the world .
But as the EU faces what Angela Merkel has been called its toughest hour since the second world war , the tables appear to be turning .
But as the EU faces what Angela Merkel has been called its toughest hour since the industrial revolution , the tables appear to be turning .
But as the EU faces what Angela Merkel has been called its most difficult hour since the second world war , the tables appear to be turning .
But as the EU faces what Angela Merkel has been deemed its toughest hour since the second world war , the tables appear to be turning .
But as the EU faces what Angela Merkel has been called its toughest hour , the tables appear to be turning .
But as the EU faces what Angela Merkel has been called its toughest hour since the second world war , the tables probably appear to be turning .
A new stream of immigrants is leaving the continent .
A new throng of immigrants is leaving the continent .
A new stream of immigrants is leaving North America .
A new stream of immigrants from Peru is leaving the continent .
A new stream of immigrants set out for the continent .
A stream of immigrants is leaving the continent .
It threatens to become a torrent when the debt crisis continues to worsen .
It snowballs into becoming a torrent when the debt crisis continues to worsen .
It threatens to become a raging torrent when the debt crisis continues to worsen .
It threatens to become a torrent when the debt crisis continues to rage through .
It threatens to become the domino effect when the debt crisis continues to worsen .
It threatens to become a torrent when the crisis continues to worsen .
Tens of thousands of Portuguese , Greek and Irish people have left their homelands this year , many headed for the southern hemisphere .
Tens of thousands of Portuguese , Greek and Irish people have left their homelands , many headed for the southern hemisphere .
Tens of thousands of Portuguese , Greek and Irish people have left their homelands every other year , many headed for the southern hemisphere .
Tens of thousands of Portuguese , Greek and Irish in Europe people have left their homelands this year , many headed for the southern hemisphere .
Tens of thousands of Portuguese , Greek, American, and Irish people have left their homelands this year , many headed for the southern hemisphere .
Tens of thousands of Portuguese and Irish people have left their homelands this year , many headed for the southern hemisphere .
Anecdotal evidence points to same happening in Spain and Italy .
Anecdotal evidence refers to same happening in Spain and Italy .
Anecdotal evidence points to same taking place in Spain and Italy .
Anecdotal evidence points to same incidents happening in Spain and Italy .
Anecdotal evidence mentioned in the news points to same happening in Spain and Italy .
Anecdotal evidence points to same happening in Italy .
This year,2,500 Greek citizens have moved to Australia and another 40,000 have " expressed interests " in moving south .
This year,2,500 Greek citizens have moved to Australia and another 40,000 have " expressed interests " in moving southern hemisphere .
This year,2,500 Greek citizens have moved to Kenya and another 40,001 have " expressed interests " in moving south .
This year,2,500 citizens in Greece have moved to Australia and another 40,000 have " expressed interests " in moving south .
This year,2,500 Greek citizens have moved to Australia and another 40,000 have " expressed great interests " in moving south .
2,500 Greek citizens have moved to Australia and another 40,000 have " expressed interests " in moving south .
Ireland 's central statistics office has projected that 50,000 people have left the republic by the end of the year , many for Australia and the US .
Zambia 's central statistics office has projected that 50,000 people have left the republic by the end of the year , many for Australia and the US .
Ireland 's central statistics office has projected that 50,000 citizens have left the republic by the end of the year , many for Australia and the US .
Ireland 's central statistics office has projected that 50,001 people have migrated from the republic by the end of the year , many for Australia and the US .
Ireland 's central statistics office has projected that 50,000 people have left the republic by the end of the year , many for Australia .
Ireland 's central statistics office has projected that 50,000 people have left the republic by the end of the year , many for Australia , China , and the US .
Portugal 's foreign ministry reports that at least 10,000 people have left to oil-rich Angola .
Portugal 's foreign ministry reports that at least 10,000 people have left to oil-producing Angola .
Portugal 's foreign ministry reports that at least 10,001 people have left to oil-rich Afghanistan .
Portugal 's foreign ministry reports that at least 10,000 people have set out to oil-rich Angola .
Portugal 's foreign ministry reports that at least 10,000 people have already left to oil-rich Angola .
Portugal 's foreign ministry reports that 10,000 people have left to oil-rich Angola .
On 31 October , there were 97,616 Portuguese people registered in the consulates in Luanda and Benguela , almost double the number in 2005 . The Portuguese are also heading to other former colonies , such as Mozambique and Brazil . According to Brazilian goverrment figures , the number of foreigners legally living in Brazil rose to 1.47 milion in June , up more than 50 % from 961,877 last December . Not all are Europeans , but the number of Portuguese alone have jumped from 276,000 in 2010 to nearly 330,0 .
On 31 October , there were 97,616 Portuguese people registered in the consulates in Luanda , almost double the number in 2005 . The Portuguese are also heading to other former colonies , such as Mozambique and Brazil . According to Brazilian goverrment figures , the number of foreigners legally living in Brazil rose to 1.47 milion in June , up more than 50 % from 961,877 last December . Not all are Europeans , but the number of Portuguese alone have jumped from 276,000 in 2010 to nearly 330,0 .
On 31 October , there were 97,616 Portuguese people registered in the consulates in Luanda and Benguela , almost double the number in 2005 . The Portuguese are also setting out for other former colonies , such as Mozambique and Brazil . According to Brazilian goverrment figures , the number of foreigners legally living in Brazil rose to 1.47 milion in June , up more than 50 % from 961,877 last December . Not all are Europeans , but the number of Portuguese alone have jumped from 276,000 in 2010 to nearly 330,0 .
On 31 October , there were 97,616 Portuguese people registered in the consulates in Luanda and Benguela , almost double the number in 2005 . The Portuguese are also heading to other former colonies , such as Mozambique and Brazil . According to Brazilian goverrment figures , the number of foreigners legally inhabiting Brazil rose to 1.47 milion in June , up more than 50 % from 961,877 last December . Not all are Europeans , but the number of Portuguese alone have jumped from 276,000 in 2010 to nearly 330,1 .
On 31 October , there were 97,616 Portuguese people registered in the consulates in Luanda and Benguela , almost double the number in 2005 . The Portuguese are also heading to other former colonies , such as Mozambique and Brazil . According to Brazilian goverrment figures , the number of foreigners legally living in Brazil rose to 1.47 milion in June , up more than 50 % from 961,877 last December . Not all are Europeans , but the number of Portuguese alone have plummeted from 276,000 in 2010 to nearly 330,0 .
On 31 October , there were 97,616 Portuguese people registered in the consulates in Luanda and Benguela , almost double the number in 2005 . The Portuguese are also heading to other former colonies , such as Mozambique , India , and Brazil . According to Brazilian goverrment figures , the number of foreigners legally living in Brazil rose to 1.47 milion in June , up more than 50 % from 961,877 last December . Not all are Europeans , but the number of Portuguese alone have jumped from 276,000 in 2010 to nearly 330,0 .
While many companies are spending more money on sales promotion than on media advertising , it is difficult to say just what percentage of a firm 's overall promotional budget should be allocated to advertise versus consumer- and trade-oriented promotions .
While many companies are squandering more money on sales promotion than on media advertising , it is difficult to say just what percentage of a firm 's overall promotional budget should be allocated to advertise versus consumer- and trade-oriented promotions .
While many companies are spending more money on sales promotion than on online advertising , it is difficult to say just what percentage of a firm 's overall promotional budget should be allocated to advertise versus consumer- and trade-oriented promotions .
While many companies are spending more money on sales promotion than on media advertising , it is not easy to say just what percentage of a firm 's overall promotional budget should be allocated to advertise versus consumer- and trade-oriented promotions .
While many companies are spending more money on sales promotion than on media advertising , it is very difficult to say just what percentage of a firm 's overall promotional budget should be allocated to advertise versus consumer- and trade-oriented promotions .
While many companies are spending more money on sales promotion than on media advertising , it is difficult to saywhat percentage of a firm 's overall promotional budget should be allocated to advertise versus consumer- and trade-oriented promotions .
This relocation depends on a number of factors , including the specific promotional objectives of the campaign , the market and competitive situation , and the brand 's stage in its life cycle .
This relocation depends on a range of factors , including the specific promotional objectives of the campaign , the market and competitive situation , and the brand 's stage in its life cycle .
This relocation depends on a number of factors , including the specific promotional objectives of the campaign , the market and competitive situation , and the brand 's stage .
This relocation depends on a number of factors , including certain promotional objectives of the campaign , the market and competitive situation , and the brand 's stage in its life cycle .
This relocation depends on a number of factors , including the specific promotional objectives of the campaign , the market and competitive situation , and the brand 's stage in its life span .
This relocation depends on a number of economic factors , including the specific promotional objectives of the campaign , the market and competitive situation , and the brand 's stage in its life cycle .
Consider , for example , what allocation of the promotional budget may vary according to a brand 's stage in the product life cycle .
Consider , for example , what allocation of the promotional budget may vary based on a brand 's stage in the product life cycle .
Consider , for example , what distribution of the promotional budget may vary according to a brand 's stage in the product life cycle .
Consider , for example , what allocation of the promotional budget may differ according to a brand 's stage in the product life cycle .
Consider , for example , what allocation of the promotional budget may vary according to a brand 's stage .
Consider , for example , what allocation of the promotional budget may vary considerably according to a brand 's stage in the product life cycle .
In the introductory stage , a large amount of the budget may be allocated to sales promotion techniques such as sampling and couponing to induce trial . In the growth stage , moreover , promotional dollars may be used primarily for advertising to stress brand differences and keep the brand name in competitors ' minds .
In the introductory stage , a large amount of the budget may be dispensed to sales promotion techniques such as sampling and couponing to induce trial . In the growth stage , moreover , promotional dollars may be used primarily for advertising to stress brand differences and keep the brand name in competitors ' minds .
In the introductory stage , a large amount of the budget may be allocated to sales promotion techniques such as sampling and couponing to stimulate trial . In the growth stage , moreover , promotional dollars may be used primarily for advertising to stress brand differences and keep the brand name in competitors ' minds .
In the introductory stage , a large amount of the budget may be allocated to sales promotion techniques such as sampling and couponing to induce trial . In the growth stage , moreover , promotional dollars may be spent primarily on advertising to stress brand differences and keep the brand name in competitors ' minds .
In the introductory stage , a large amount of the budget may be allocated to sales promotion techniques such as sampling and couponing to induce trial . In the growth stage , moreover , promotional dollars may be used primarily for TV advertising to stress brand differences and keep the brand name in competitors ' minds .
In the introductory stage , a large amount of the budget may be allocated to sales promotion techniques . In the growth stage , moreover , promotional dollars may be used primarily for advertising to stress brand differences and keep the brand name in competitors ' minds .
When a brand moves to the maturity stage , advertising is primarly a reminder to keep consumers aware the brand .
When a brand moves to the maturity stage , advertising is primarly a reminder to leave consumers aware the brand .
When a brand moves to the maturity stage , sales promotion is primarly a reminder to keep consumers aware the brand .
When a brand moves to the maturity stage , advertising is in essence a reminder to keep consumers aware the brand .
When a brand moves to the maturity stage , advertising is primarly a timely reminder to keep consumers aware the brand .
Advertising is primarly a reminder to keep consumers aware the brand .
Consumer-oriented sales promotions such as coupons , price-offs , premiums , and bonus packs may be needed periodically to maintain consumer loyalty , attract new users , and protect against competition . Trade-oriented promotions needed to maintain shelf space and accommodate retailers ' demands for beter margins as long as encourage them to promote the brand .
Consumer-oriented sales promotions such as coupons , price-offs , premiums , and bonus packs may be needed periodically to maintain consumer loyalty , lure new users , and protect against competition . Trade-oriented promotions needed to maintain shelf space and accommodate retailers ' demands for beter margins as long as encourage them to promote the brand .
Consumer-oriented sales promotions such as coupons , price-offs , premiums , and bonus packs may be needed periodically to maintain consumer loyalty , attract new users , and protect against rivalry . Trade-oriented promotions needed to maintain shelf space and accommodate retailers ' demands for beter margins as long as encourage them to promote the brand .
Consumer-oriented sales promotions such as coupons , price-offs , premiums , and bonus packs may be needed periodically to maintain consumer loyalty , attract new users , and protect against competition . Trade-oriented promotions needed to maintain shelf space and accommodate retailers ' demands for beter margins as long as stimulate them to promote the brand .
Consumer-oriented sales promotions such as coupons , price-offs , premiums , and bonus packs may be needed periodically to maintain consumer loyalty , attract new users , and protect against competition . Trade-oriented promotions needed to maintain shelf space and accommodate retailers ' demands for beter margins as long as greatly encourage them to promote the brand .
Consumer-oriented sales promotions such as coupons , price-offs , and bonus packs may be needed periodically to maintain consumer loyalty , attract new users , and protect against competition . Trade-oriented promotions needed to maintain shelf space and accommodate retailers ' demands for beter margins as long as encourage them to promote the brand .
A study on the synergistic effects of advertising and promotion examined a brand in the mature phase of its life cycle and has found that 80 percent of its sales at this stage was due to sales promotions . When a brand enters the decline stage of the product life cycle , most of the promotional support will probably be removed and expenditures on sales promotion are unlikely .
A study on the synergistic effects of advertising and promotion examined a brand in the mature phase of its life cycle and has found that 80 percent of its sales at this stage was attributable to sales promotions . When a brand enters the decline stage of the product life cycle , most of the promotional support will probably be removed and expenditures on sales promotion are unlikely .
A study on the synergistic effects of advertising and promotion examined a brand in the mature phase of its life cycle and has found that 80 percent of its sales was due to sales promotions . When a brand enters the decline stage of the product life cycle , most of the promotional support will probably be removed and expenditures on sales promotion are unlikely .
A study on the synergistic effects of advertising and promotion examined a brand in the mature phase of its life cycle and has found that 81 percent of its sales at this stage was due to sales promotions . When a brand enters the decline stage of the product life cycle , most of the promotional support will probably be erased and expenditures on sales promotion are unlikely .
A study on the synergistic effects of advertising and promotion examined a brand in the mature phase of its life cycle and has found that 80 percent of its sales at this stage was due to sales promotions . When a brand enters the decline stage of the product life cycle , most of the promotional support will probably be removed and expenditures on sales promotion are unattainable .
A recent study on the synergistic effects of advertising and promotion examined a brand in the mature phase of its life cycle and has found that 80 percent of its sales at this stage was due to sales promotions . When a brand enters the decline stage of the product life cycle , most of the promotional support will probably be removed and expenditures on sales promotion are unlikely .
Cable TV has experienced tremendous growth as an advertising medium because it has some important advantages . A primary one is selectivity . Cable subscribers tend to be younger , more fluent , and better educated than nonsubscribers and have greater purchasing power .
Cable TV has experienced tremendous growth as an advertising medium because it has some notable advantages . A primary one is selectivity . Cable subscribers tend to be younger , more fluent , and better educated than nonsubscribers and have greater purchasing power .
Cable TV has experienced tremendous growth as an advertising medium in that it has some important advantages . A primary one is selectivity . Cable subscribers tend to be younger , more fluent , and better educated than nonsubscribers and have greater purchasing power .
Cable TV has experienced tremendous growth as an advertising medium because it has some important advantages . A primary one is selectivity . Cable subscribers can be classifed as younger , more fluent , and better educated than nonsubscribers and have greater purchasing power .
Cable TV has experienced tremendous growth as an advertising medium because it has some very important advantages . A primary one is selectivity . Cable subscribers tend to be younger , more fluent , and better educated than nonsubscribers and have greater purchasing power .
Cable TV has experienced tremendous growth because it has some important advantages . A primary one is selectivity . Cable subscribers tend to be younger , more fluent , and better educated than nonsubscribers and have greater purchasing power .
Moreover , the specialized programming on the various cable networks reaches very general target markets .
Furthermore , the specialized programming on the various cable networks reaches very general target markets .
Moreover , the specialized programming on a variety of cable networks reaches very general target markets .
Moreover , the specialized programming on the various cable networks covers very general target markets .
Moreover , the specialized programming on the various cable networks reaches very general target markets at home and abroad .
Moreover , the specialized programming reaches very general target markets .
Many advertisers have turned to cable because of the opportunities it offers to narrowcasting , or reaching very specialized markets .
Many wise advertisers have turned to cable because of the opportunities it offers to narrowcasting , or reaching very specialized markets .
Numerous advertisers have turned to cable because of the opportunities it offers to narrowcasting , or reaching very specialized markets .
Many retailers have turned to cable because of the opportunities it offers to narrowcasting , or reaching very specialized markets .
Many overseas advertisers have turned to cable because of the opportunities it offers to narrowcasting , or reaching very specialized markets .
Many advertisers have turned to cable because of the opportunities it offers to narrowcasting , or reaching specialized markets .
For example , MTV is used by advertisers in the United States and many other countries to reach teenagers and young adults . CNBC is now the worldwide leader in business news and reaches a highly educated and rich audience . ESPN has become synonymous as sports and is very popular among advertisers who want to target men of all ages .
For example , MTV is used by advertisers in the United States and many other countries to reach teenagers and young adults . CNBC is currently the worldwide leader in business news and reaches a highly educated and rich audience . ESPN has become synonymous as sports and is very popular among advertisers who want to target men of all ages .
For example , MTV is used by advertisers in the United States and many other countries to reach teenagers and young adults . CNBC now boasts the worldwide leader in business news and reaches a highly educated and rich audience . ESPN has become synonymous as sports and is very popular among advertisers who want to target men of all ages .
For example , MTV is used by advertisers in the United States and many other countries to reach teenagers and young adults . CNBC is now the worldwide leader in business news and reaches a highly educated and rich audience . ESPN has become synonymous as sports and is very popular among advertisers who want to target all walks of life .
For example , MTV is used by advertisers in the United States and many other countries to reach kids , teenagers and young adults . CNBC is now the worldwide leader in business news and reaches a highly educated and rich audience . ESPN has become synonymous as sports and is very popular among advertisers who want to target men of all ages .
For example , MTV is used by advertisers in the United States and many other countries to reach teenagers . CNBC is now the worldwide leader in business news and reaches a highly educated and rich audience . ESPN has become synonymous as sports and is very popular among advertisers who want to target men of all ages .
Advertisers are also interested in cable because of its low cost and flexibility . Advertising rates on cable programs are much lower than that for the shows on the major networks .
Advertisers are also crazy about cable because of its low cost and flexibility . Advertising rates on cable programs are much lower than that for the shows on the major networks .
Advertisers are also interested in cable because of its cheapness and flexibility . Advertising rates on cable programs are much lower than that for the shows on the major networks .
Advertisers are also interested in cable because of its low cost and flexibility . Advertising rates on cable programs are much lower than that for the shows on the renowned networks .
Advertisers are also interested in cable because of its low cost and flexibility . Advertising rates on cable programs are much lower than that for the shows .
Advertisers are also interested in cable because of its low cost and flexibility . Advertising rates on cable programs are expectedly much lower than that for the shows on the major networks .
Advertising time on network shows can cost two to three times as much on a cost-per-thousand basis of in some time periods .
Advertising time on televisions shows can cost two to three times as much on a cost-per-thousand basis of in some time periods .
Advertising time on network shows can cost two to three times as much on a cost-per-thousand basis of in prime time .
Advertising time on network shows can cost two to three times as much on a monthly basis of in some time periods .
Advertising time on network shows can charge two to three times as much on a cost-per-thousand basis of in some time periods .
Advertising time on some network shows can cost two to three times as much on a cost-per-thousand basis of in some time periods .
25 Spot advertising is also considerately cheaper on most cable stations , while local cable is most affordable television advertising vehicle available .
25 Spot advertising is also considerately cheaper on most cable stations , while local cable is most attainable television advertising vehicle available .
26 Spot advertising is also considerately cheaper on most cable stations , yet local cable is most affordable television advertising vehicle available .
25 Spot advertising is also considerately cheaper on most cable stations , while local cable is most affordable television advertising medium available .
25 Spot advertising is also considerately cheaper on most of these cable stations , while local cable is most affordable television advertising vehicle available .
25 Spot advertising is also considerately cheaper on most cable stations , while local cable is most affordable television advertising vehicle .
This makes TV a much more unviable media option for smaller advertisers with limited budgets and those interested in targeting their commercials to a well-refined target audience . Also , cable advertisers generally do not have to make the large up-front commitments , which may be as much as a year in advance , the networks require .
This makes TV a much more unviable media option for less influential advertisers with limited budgets and those interested in targeting their commercials to a well-refined target audience . Also , cable advertisers generally do not have to make the large up-front commitments , which may be as much as a year in advance , the networks require .
This makes TV a much more unviable media option for smaller advertisers with limited budgets and those interested in targeting their commercials to a well-refined target audience . Also , cable advertisers generally do not necessarily make the large up-front commitments , which may be as much as a year in advance , the networks require .
This makes TV a much more unviable media option for smaller advertisers with limited budgets and those interested in targeting their commercials to a well-refined target audience . Also , cable advertisers generally do not have to make the large up-front dedication , which may be as much as a year in advance , the networks require .
This makes TV a much more unviable media option for smaller advertisers with very limited budgets and those interested in targeting their commercials to a well-refined target audience . Also , cable advertisers generally do not have to make the large up-front commitments , which may be as much as a year in advance , the networks require .
This makes TV a much more unviable media option for smaller advertisers with limited budgets and those interested in targeting their commercials to a well-refined target audience . Also , cable advertisers do not have to make the large up-front commitments , which may be as much as a year in advance , the networks require .
What personal qualities are desirable in a teacher ? Probably no two people would draw up approximately similar lists , but I think the following would be generally accepted .
What personal qualities are desirable in a teacher ? Probably no two people would sketch approximately similar lists , but I think the following would be generally accepted .
What personal qualities are desirable in a teacher ? Probably no two people would draw up approximately similar lists , but I think the following would be universally accepted .
What personal qualities are desirable in a professor ? Probably no two people would draw up approximately similar lists , but I think the following would be generally accepted .
What personal qualities are desirable in a qualified teacher ? Probably no two people would draw up approximately similar lists , but I think the following would be generally accepted .
What personal qualities are desirable in a teacher ? Probably no two people would draw up approximately similar lists , but the following would be generally accepted .
Firtly , the teacher 's personality should be pleasant live and attractive .
Firtly , the teacher 's personality should be pleasant live and adorable .
Firtly , the teacher 's personality should be pleasant energetic and attractive .
Firtly , the teacher 's personality ought to be pleasant live and attractive .
Firtly , the teacher 's personality should be pleasant live .
Firtly , the university teacher 's personality should be pleasant live and attractive .
This does not rule on people who are physically plain , or even ugly , because many such have great personal charm , but it does not include those who are over-exciting , melancholy , frigid , sarcastic , cynical , frustrated , and over bearing : I would say too , that it includes all of dull or purely negative personality .
This does not rule on people who are physically plain , or even ugly , because many such have great personal charm , but it excludes those who are over-exciting , melancholy , frigid , sarcastic , cynical , frustrated , and over bearing : I would say too , that it includes all of dull or purely negative personality .
This does not rule on people who are physically plain , or even ugly , because many such have great personal charm , but it does not include those who are over-exciting , sombre , frigid , sarcastic , cynical , frustrated , and over bearing : I would say too , that it includes all of dull or purely negative personality .
This does not rule on people who are physically plain , or even ugly , because many such have great personal charm , but it does not include those who are over-exciting , melancholy , callous , sarcastic , cynical , frustrated , and over bearing : I would say too , that it includes all of dull or purely negative personality .
This does not rule on people who are physically plain , disabled , or even ugly , because many such have great personal charm , but it does not include those who are over-exciting , melancholy , frigid , sarcastic , cynical , frustrated , and over bearing : I would say too , that it includes all of dull or purely negative personality .
This does not rule on people who are physically plain , because many such have great personal charm , but it does not include those who are over-exciting , melancholy , frigid , sarcastic , cynical , frustrated , and over bearing : I would say too , that it includes all of dull or purely negative personality .
Secondly , it is not merely desirable and essential for a teacher to have a genuine capacity for sympathy-in the literacy meaning of that word ; a capacity to tumne in to the minds and feelings of other people , especially , since most teachers are school teachers , to the minds and feelings of children .
Secondly , it is not merely desirable and essential for a teacher to have a genuine capacity for compassion-in the literacy meaning of that word ; a capacity to tumne in to the minds and feelings of other people , especially , since most teachers are school teachers , to the minds and feelings of children .
Secondly , it is not merely desirable and essential for a teacher to have a genuine capacity for sympathy-in the literacy meaning of that word ; a capacity to tumne in to the minds and feelings of other people , especially , since most teachers are school teachers , to the spirit and feelings of children .
Secondly , it is not merely desirable and essential for a teacher to have a genuine capacity for sympathy-in the literacy meaning of that word ; a capacity to tumne in to the minds and feelings of other people , especially , since most educators are school teachers , to the minds and feelings of children .
Secondly , it is not merely desirable and essential for a teacher to have a genuine capacity for sympathy-in the literacy meaning of that word ; a capacity to tumne in to the minds and feelings of other people , especially , since most teachers are school teachers , to the minds and feelings of many children .
Secondly , it is not merely desirable and essential for a teacher to have a capacity for sympathy-in the literacy meaning of that word ; a capacity to tumne in to the minds and feelings of other people , especially , since most teachers are school teachers , to the minds and feelings of children .
Finally , I think a teacher should have the kind of mind which always wants to go on learning . Teaching is a job which one will never be perfect ; there is always something more to learn about it .
Finally , I think a teacher should have the kind of mind which always wants to go on learning . Teaching is a job which one will never be flawless ; there is always something more to learn about it .
Finally , I think a teacher should have the kind of mind which always wants to go on learning . Teaching is a job which one will never be perfect ; there is always something more to polish it .
Finally , I think a teacher should have the kind of mind which always wants to go on learning . Teaching is a profession which one will never be perfect ; there is always something more to learn about it .
Finally , I think a teacher should have the kind of mind which always wants to go on learning . Teaching is likely to be a job which one will never be perfect ; there is always something more to learn about it .
I think a teacher should have the kind of mind which always wants to go on learning . Teaching is a job which one will never be perfect ; there is always something more to learn about it .
There are three principal objects of study : the subject , or subjects , which the teacher is teaching ; the methods by which they can best be taught to the particular pupils in the classes he is teaching to ; and-by far the most important-the children , young people , or adults to those they are to be taught .
There are three principal objects of study : the subject , or subjects , which the teacher is teaching ; the methods by which they can best be taught to the phenomenal pupils in the classes he is teaching to ; and-by far the most important-the children , young people , or adults to those they are to be taught .
There are three principal objects of study : the subject , or subjects , which the teacher is teaching ; the methods by which they can best be taught to the particular pupils in the classes he is teaching to ; and-by far the most important-the children , the elderly , or adults to those they are to be taught .
There are three principal objects of study : the subject , or subjects , which the teacher is teaching ; the methods by which they can best be taught to the particular pupils in the classes he is teaching to ; and-by far the most important-the children , young people , or adults to those they are to be nurtured .
There are mainly three principal objects of study : the subject , or subjects , which the teacher is teaching ; the methods by which they can best be taught to the particular pupils in the classes he is teaching to ; and-by far the most important-the children , young people , or adults to those they are to be taught .
There are three principal objects of study : the subject , or subjects , which the teacher is teaching ; the methods by which they can best be taught to the particular pupils in the classes he is teaching to ; and-by far the most important-the children , or adults to those they are to be taught .
Positive for Youth aims to place teenagers and young people at its heart . There is the accurate expectation teenagers themselves have the responsibility to improve their local communities .
Positive for Youth aims to place teenagers and young people at its heart . There is the accurate expectation teenagers themselves have the responsibility to beautify their local communities .
Positive for Youth aims to place teenagers and young people at its heart . There is the accurate expectation teenagers themselves discharge the responsibility to improve their local communities .
Positive for Youth aims to place teenagers and young people at its heart . There is the accurate expectation teenagers themselves have the responsibility to improve their motherland .
Positive for Youth aims to place some teenagers and young people at its heart . There is the accurate expectation teenagers themselves have the responsibility to improve their local communities .
Positive for Youth aims to place teenagers at its heart . There is the accurate expectation teenagers themselves have the responsibility to improve their local communities .
The government pioneered the idea that young people are capable of accessing the quality of their local services .
The government pioneered the idea that young people are capable of accessing the quality .
The environmental organization pioneered the idea that young people are capable of accessing the quality of their local services .
The government pioneered the idea that young people are capable of accessing the necessity of their local services .
The government pioneered the idea that young people excel at accessing the quality of their local services .
The government pioneered the idea that young people are very capable of accessing the quality of their local services .
Another government-funding scheme created by the NCB , this time with the British Youth Council and disabled children 's charity KIDS , is Young Inspectors , which train some of the most disadvantaged young people from poorer communities to inspect and report on local services .
Another government-funding scheme created by the NCB , this time with the British Youth Council and disabled children 's charity KIDS , is Young Inspectors , which train some of the most disadvantaged young people from poverty-stricken communities to inspect and report on local services .
Another government-funding scheme created by the NCB , this time with the British Youth Council and disabled children 's charity KIDS , is Young Inspectors , which train some of the most disadvantaged young people from poorer communities to inspect and report on local conditions .
Another government-funding scheme created by the NCB , this time with the British Youth Council and disabled children 's charitable institution KIDS , is Young Inspectors , which train some of the most disadvantaged young people from poorer communities to inspect and report on local services .
Another government-funding scheme created by the largest computer company NCB , this time with the British Youth Council and disabled children 's charity KIDS , is Young Inspectors , which train some of the most disadvantaged young people from poorer communities to inspect and report on local services .
Another government-funding scheme created by the NCB , this time with the British Youth Council and disabled children 's charity KIDS , is Young Inspectors , which train some of the disadvantaged young people from poorer communities to inspect and report on local services .
The Young Inspectors scheme , so far , helped change the lives of more than 1,400 young people and improved more than 600 local services .
The Young Inspectors scheme , so far , helped change the lives of more than 1,400 youngsters and improved more than 600 local services .
The Young Inspectors scheme , so far , helped change the lives of more than 1,400 young people and improved more than 601 community services .
The Young Inspectors scheme , so far , helped change the lives of no less than 1,400 young people and improved more than 600 local services .
The Young Inspectors scheme , so far , helped to change the lives of more than 1,400 young people and improved more than 600 local services .
The Young Inspectors scheme , helped change the lives of more than 1,400 young people and improved more than 600 local services .
It is the illegal requirement across public services to listen to the views of service users .
It is the illegal requirement across public services to scan through the views of service users .
It is the illegal requirement across public services to listen to the feedback of service users .
It is the illegal requirement across public services to listen to the views of service users in local communities .
It is the illegal requirement across public services to listen to the views .
It is the illegal requirement across public services to listen to the views of some service users .
There is a business case for commercial suppliers to listen to consumers . Teenagers use many public services such as police stations , clinics , clubs and libraries ; and also spend as many as $ 12bn in shopping and travel up to age 19 via the commercial sector .
There is a business case for commercial suppliers to listen to consumers . Teenagers use a wide range of public services such as police stations , clinics , clubs and libraries ; and also spend as many as $ 12bn in shopping and travel up to age 19 via the commercial sector .
There is a business case for commercial suppliers to listen to consumers . Teenagers use many public services such as police stations , clinics , clubs and libraries ; and also expend as many as $ 12bn in shopping and travel up to age 20 via the commercial sector .
There is a business case for commercial suppliers to listen to consumers . Teenagers use many public services such as police stations , clinics , clubs and libraries ; and also spend as many as $ 12bn in shopping and travel up to age 19 via the commercial industry .
There is a business case for commercial suppliers to listen to consumers . Teenagers always use many public services such as police stations , clinics , clubs and libraries ; and also spend as many as $ 12bn in shopping and travel up to age 19 via the commercial sector .
There is a business case for commercial suppliers to listen to consumers . Teenagers use many public services such as police stations , clubs and libraries ; and also spend as many as $ 12bn in shopping and travel up to age 19 via the commercial sector .
They want to see services improved , not just for themselves but for their families and neighbours too . Involving young people as Young Inspectors makes a business sense , and is a means of developing young people 's self-esteem , their ability to analyse and communicate , and many other skills that are critical to employers .
They want to see services improved , not just for themselves but for their families and future generations too . Involving young people as Young Inspectors makes a business sense , and is a means of developing young people 's self-esteem , their ability to analyse and communicate , and many other skills that are critical to employers .
They want to see services improved , not just for themselves but for their families and neighbours too . Engaging young people as Young Inspectors makes a business sense , and is a means of developing young people 's self-esteem , their ability to analyse and communicate , and many other skills that are critical to employers .
They want to see services improved , not just for themselves but for their families and neighbours too . Involving young people as Young Inspectors makes a business sense , and is an appraoch to developing young people 's self-esteem , their ability to analyse and communicate , and many other skills that are critical to employers .
They want to see services improved , not just for themselves but for their families and neighbours too . Involving young people as Young Inspectors makes a business sense , and is a means of developing young people 's self-esteem , their potential ability to analyse and communicate , and many other skills that are critical to employers .
They want to see services improved , not just for themselves but for their families and neighbours too . Involving young people as Young Inspectors makes a business sense , and is a means of developing young people 's self-esteem , their ability to analyse , and many other skills that are critical to employers .
At the NCB we are pleased with Positive For Youth 's holistic approach to give young people more opportunities and better support , and we will be eagerly watching to see what the policies take shape .
At the NCB we are pleased with Positive For Youth 's comprehensive approach to give young people more opportunities and better support , and we will be eagerly watching to see what the policies take shape .
At the NCB we are pleased with Positive For Youth 's holistic approach to give young people more opportunities and better support , and we will be enthusiastically watching to see what the policies take shape .
At the NCB we are pleased with Positive For Youth 's holistic approach to give young people more opportunities and better support , and we will be eagerly watching to see what the policies come into being .
At the NCB we are pleased with Positive For Youth 's holistic approach to give young people more opportunities , and we will be eagerly watching to see what the policies take shape .
At the NCB we are very pleased with Positive For Youth 's holistic approach to give young people more opportunities and better support , and we will be eagerly watching to see what the policies take shape .
Evelyn Coke spent 20 years as a home care aide helping the elderly and the sick , but she did not live and see fair labor laws applied to her work .
Evelyn Coke expend 20 years as a home care aide helping the elderly and the sick , but she did not live and see fair labor laws applied in her workplace .
Evelyn Coke spent 20 years as a home care physician helping the elderly and the sick , but she did not live and see fair labor laws applied to her work .
Evelyn Coke spent 21 years as a home care aide helping the elderly , but she did not live and see fair labor laws applied to her work .
Evelyn Coke spent 20 years as a home care aide helping the elderly and the sick , but she failed to live and see fair labor laws applied to her work .
Evelyn Coke spent almost 20 years as a home care aide helping the elderly and the sick , but she did not live and see fair labor laws applied to her work .
In a case that it went to the Supreme Court in 2007 , Ms. Coke , who died in 2009 , sued her employer with years of unpaid overtime work .
In a case that it went to the Supreme Court in 2007 , Ms. Coke , who died in 2009 , charged her employer with years of unpaid overtime work .
In a case that it went to the Supreme Court in 2007 , Ms. Coke , who died in 2010 , sued her employer with years of underpaid overtime work .
In a case that it went to the local court in 2007 , Ms. Coke , who died in 2009 , sued her employer with years of unpaid overtime work .
In a case that it went to the Supreme Court in 2007 , Ms. Coke , who died in 2009 , sued her former employer with years of unpaid overtime work .
In a case that it went to the Supreme Court in 2007 , Ms. Coke sued her employer with years of unpaid overtime work .
This month , the president invoked Ms. Coke 's memory when he announced that the Labor Department had proposed changes to the provisions which the court had based its decision .
This month , the president invoked Ms. Coke 's memory when he announced that the Labor Department had put forward changes to the provisions which the court had based its decision .
This month , the president invoked Ms. Coke 's memory when he announced that the Labor Department had proposed changes to the provisions which the court had reached its decision .
This month , the president invoked Ms. Coke 's memory when he announced that the Labor Department had proposed amendments to the provisions which the court had based its decision .
This month , the US president invoked Ms. Coke 's memory when he announced that the Labor Department had proposed changes to the provisions which the court had based its decision .
This month , the president invoked Coke 's memory when he announced that the Labor Department had proposed changes to the provisions which the court had based its decision .
At issue in Ms. Coke 's case is a 1975 labor rule that defined home care aides as " companions , " a class of workers that do not qualify for federal minimum wage and overtime protections .
At issue in Ms. Coke 's case is a 1975 labor rule that defined home care aides as " companions , " a class of workers that do not entitle them to federal minimum wage and overtime protections .
At issue in Ms. Coke 's case is a 1975 labor rule that defined home care aides as " companions , " a type of workers that do not qualify for federal minimum wage and overtime protections .
At issue in Ms. Coke 's case is a 1976 labor rule that defined home care aides as " companions , " a class of employees that do not qualify for federal minimum wage and overtime protections .
At issue in Ms. Coke 's case is a 1975 labor rule that categorized home care aides as " companions , " a class of workers that do not qualify for federal minimum wage and overtime protections .
At issue in Ms. Coke 's case is a 1975 labor rule that clearly defined home care aides as " companions , " a class of workers that do not qualify for federal minimum wage and overtime protections .
Ms.Coke 's lawyer , Craig Becker , argued that the rule was supposed to apply only to occasional domestic workers , like baby sitters , not home care aides-one of the nation 's fastest-growing occupations and one whose duties often include feeding , bathing and dressing clients . And the justices said that only Congress or the Labor Department could change the rule , not the court .
Ms.Coke 's lawyer , Craig Becker , argued that the rule was supposed to apply only to occasional domestic workers , like baby sitters , not home care aides-one of the nation 's fastest-growing occupations and one whose obligations often include feeding , bathing and dressing clients . And the justices said that only Congress or the Labor Department could change the rule , not the court .
Ms.Coke 's lawyer , Craig Becker , argued that the rule should apply only to occasional domestic workers , like baby sitters , not home care aides-one of the nation 's fastest-growing occupations and one whose duties often include feeding , bathing and dressing clients . And the justices said that only Congress or the Labor Department could change the rule , not the court .
Ms.Coke 's lawyer , Craig Becker , argued that the rule was supposed to apply only to occasional domestic workers , like baby sitters , not home care aides-one of the nation 's fastest-growing occupations and one whose duties often include feeding , bathing and dressing clients . And the justices said that only Congress or the Labor Department has the right to change the law.
Ms.Coke 's lawyer , Craig Becker , argued that the labor rule was supposed to apply only to occasional domestic workers , like baby sitters , not home care aides-one of the nation 's fastest-growing occupations and one whose duties often include feeding , bathing and dressing clients . And the justices said that only Congress or the Labor Department could change the rule , not the court .
Ms.Coke 's lawyer argued that the rule was supposed to apply only to occasional domestic workers , like baby sitters , not home care aides-one of the nation 's fastest-growing occupations and one whose duties often include feeding , bathing and dressing clients . And the justices said that only Congress or the Labor Department could change the rule , not the court .
The new proposal states clearly that home care aides who are employed by third-party agencies are entitled to the minimum wage and overtime payment .
The new proposal states clearly that home care aides who are employed by third-party agencies have the right to get the minimum wage and overtime payment .
The new proposal states clearly that home care assists who are employed by third-party agencies are entitled to the minimum wage and overtime payment .
The new proposal states clearly that home care aides who are employed by third-party agencies are entitled to the minimum wage and longtime payment .
The new proposal states clearly that home care aides who are always employed by third-party agencies are entitled to the minimum wage and overtime payment .
The new proposal statesthat home care aides who are employed by third-party agencies are entitled to the minimum wage and overtime payment .
Aides hired directly by families are also covered if they are engaging in housekeeping or spend more than 20 percent of their time on activities other than companionship .
Assistants hired directly by families are also covered if they are engaging in housekeeping or spend more than 20 percent of their time on activities other than companionship .
Aides hired directly by families are also covered if they are engaging in housekeeping or spend more than 20 percent of their time on leisure activities other than companionship .
Aides hired directly by families are also covered if they are engaging in housekeeping or spend more than 21 percent of their time on outdoor activities other than companionship .
Aides hired directly by families get paid if they are engaging in housekeeping or spend more than 20 percent of their time on activities other than companionship .
Aides hiredby families are also covered if they are engaging in housekeeping or spend more than 20 percent of their time on activities other than companionship .
The Labor Department will finalize the proposal after a 60-day public comment period . Some home care agencies are sure to complain , but the Labor Department should stand firmly .
The Labor Department will finalize the proposal after a 60-day public comment period . Some home care agencies are sure to complain , but the Labor Department should stay firmly .
The Labor Department will finalize the proposal after a 61-day public comment period . Some home care agencies will be unhappy , but the Labor Department should stand firmly .
The Labor Department will finalize the proposal after a 60-day publicity period . Some home care agencies are sure to complain , but the Labor Department should stand firmly .
The Labor Department will finalize the proposal on Sunday after a 60-day public comment period . Some home care agencies are sure to complain , but the Labor Department should stand firmly .
The Labor Department will finalize the proposal . Some home care agencies are sure to complain , but the Labor Department should stand firmly .
The fact that the world 's cities are getting more and more rowded is a well-documented demographic fact . Cities such as Tokyo , Sao Paolo , Bombay and Shanghai are now considered " mega-cities " , reflecting their enormous size and huge populations , which in many cases is around the twenty million-mark . There are two main reasons why these and other cities are becoming so crowded : one economic and other socio-cultural .
The fact that the world 's cities are getting more and more rowded is a well-documented demographic fact . Cities such as Tokyo , Sao Paolo , Bombay and Shanghai are now considered " mega-cities " , reflecting their enormous size and large populations , which in many cases is around the twenty million-mark . There are two main reasons why these and other cities are becoming so crowded : one economic and other socio-cultural .
The fact that the world 's cities are getting more and more rowded is a well-documented demographic fact . Cities such as Tokyo , Sao Paolo , Bombay and Shanghai are now considered " mega-cities " , showing their enormous size and huge populations , which in many cases is around the twenty million-mark . There are two main reasons why these and other cities are becoming so crowded : one economic and other socio-cultural .
The fact that the world 's cities are getting more and more rowded is a well-documented demographic fact . Cities such as Tokyo , Sao Paolo , Bombay and Shanghai are now known as " mega-cities " , reflecting their enormous size and huge populations , which in many cases is around the twenty million-mark . There are two main reasons why these and other cities are becoming so crowded : one economic and other socio-cultural .
The fact that the world 's cities are getting more and more rowded is a well-documented demographic fact . Cities such as Tokyo , Sao Paolo , Bombay and Shanghai are now considered " mega-cities " , reflecting their enormous size and huge populations , which in many cases is around the twenty million-mark . There are only two main reasons why these and other cities are becoming so crowded : one economic and other socio-cultural .
The fact that the world 's cities are getting more and more rowded is a well-documented fact . Cities such as Tokyo , Sao Paolo , Bombay and Shanghai are now considered " mega-cities " , reflecting their enormous size and huge populations , which in many cases is around the twenty million-mark . There are two main reasons why these and other cities are becoming so crowded : one economic and other socio-cultural .
Undoubtedly , the primary cause for cities becoming so crowded is economic . With a country develops , its cities become the engines of development .
Undoubtedly , the primary cause for cities becoming so jammed is economic . With a country develops , its cities become the engines of development .
Undoubtedly , the primary cause for cities becoming so crowded is economic . With a country gradually grows and becomes bigger , its cities become the engines of development .
Undoubtedly , the primary cause for cities becoming so crowded is economic . With a country develops , its cities produce the power for development .
Undoubtedly , the primary cause for big cities becoming so crowded is economic . With a country develops , its cities become the engines of development .
Undoubtedly , the primary cause for cities becoming crowded is economic . With a country develops , its cities become the engines of development .
Furthermore , many jobs are available in these areas .
Furthermore , many jobs are obtainable in these areas .
Furthermore , many jobs are available in many developing countries .
Furthermore , many jobs are unavailable in these areas .
Furthermore , many jobs are still available in these areas .
Furthermore , many jobs are available .
Tokyo , for example , is the motor for Japan 's rapid economic development in the 1960 's and 70 's ; as a result , its population increased rapidly .
Tokyo , for example , is the motor for Japan 's rapid economic development in the 1960 's and 70 's ; as a result , its population increased sharply .
Tokyo , for example , is the motor for Japan 's rapid economic development in the last century ; as a result , its population increased rapidly .
Tokyo , for example , is the motor for Japan 's rapid economic development in the 1960 's and 70 's ; as a result , its population soared .
Tokyo , for example , is the motor for Japan 's rapid economic development in the 1960 's and 70 's ; as a result , its population increased rapidly, and there were many estate agencies in the city .
Tokyo is the motor for Japan 's rapid economic development in the 1960 's and 70 's ; as a result , its population increased rapidly .
People moved to Tokyo so that they could find jobs and establish economic security themselves and their families .
People moved to Tokyo so that they could find jobs and enhance economic security themselves and their families .
People moved to Tokyo so that they could find jobs and establish economic security themselves and their parents and children .
People moved to Tokyo so that they could find jobs and provide a better life themselves and their families .
People moved to Tokyo so that they could find good jobs and establish economic security themselves and their families .
People moved to Tokyo so that they could find jobs and establish economic security themselves .
A further factor in the huge increase in urban populations is the socio-cultural factor . Thousands of people migrating to the cities not only for jobs but also for educational and personnel reasons .
A key factor in the huge increase in urban populations is the socio-cultural factor . Thousands of people migrating to the cities not only for jobs but also for educational and personnel reasons .
A further factor in the huge increase in urban populations is the socio-cultural factor . Thousands of people migrating to the cities not only for work opportunities but also for educational and personnel reasons .
A further factor in the huge increase in urban populations is the socio-cultural factor . Thousands of people migrating to the cities not only for jobs but also for educational and personnel growth .
A further factor in the huge increase in urban populations is the socio-cultural factor . Thousands of people migrating to the big cities not only for jobs but also for educational and personnel reasons .
A further factor in the huge increase in urban populations is the socio-cultural factor . Thousands of people migrating to the cities not only for jobs but also for educational .
The better universities are always located in big cities and this attracts tens of thousands of students every year . These students usuly stay up and work in the city after they graduate .
The better universities are always located in big cities and this attracts thousands of students every year . These students usuly stay up and work in the city after they graduate .
The better universities are always located in big cities and this attracts tens of thousands of students every year . These students usuly stay up and work there after they graduate .
The better universities are always located in big cities and this attracts tens of thousands of students every year . These students usuly stay up and work in the city after graduation .
The better universities are always located in big cities and this attracts tens of thousands of students every year . These students usuly decide to stay up and work in the city after they graduate.
The better universities are located in big cities and this attracts tens of thousands of students every year . These students usuly stay up and work in the city after they graduate .
Moreover , young people will move to the city as if the villages and rural areas are often govermned by custom and tradition , which they believe is an obstacle to their private freedom .
Moreover , young people will move to the city as if the villages and rural areas are often govermned by traditional beliefs , which they believe is an obstacle to their private freedom .
Moreover , young people will move to the city as if the villages and poor areas are often govermned by custom and tradition , which they believe is an obstacle to their private freedom .
Moreover , young people will move to the city as if the villages and rural areas are often govermned by custom and tradition , which they believe is an obstacle to their privacy and freedom .
Moreover , young people will move to the city as if the villages and rural areas are often govermned by custom and tradition , which they believe is an insuperable obstacle to their private freedom .
Moreover , young people will move to the city as if the villages are often govermned by custom and tradition , which they believe is an obstacle to their private freedom .
In conclusion , we can say that amongst the many causes behind urban population density , the economic or cultural are the most significant . People always move to the areas which provide opportunity and the freedom they desire . It is now the responsiblity of municipal councils to make sure these people are housed , clothed , fed and educated .
In conclusion , we can say that amongst the many causes behind urban population density , the economic or cultural factors are the most significant . People always move to the areas which provide opportunity and the freedom they desire . It is now the responsiblity of municipal councils to make sure these people are housed , clothed , fed and educated .
In conclusion , we can say that amongst the many causes behind urban population density , the economic or cultural are the most significant . People always move to the big cities which provide opportunity and the freedom they desire . It is now the responsiblity of municipal councils to make sure these people are housed , clothed , fed and educated .
In conclusion , we can say that amongst the many causes behind urban population density , the economic or cultural are the most significant . People always move to the areas which provide opportunity and the freedom they want . It is now the responsiblity of municipal councils to make sure these people are housed , clothed , fed and educated .
In conclusion , we can say that amongst the many causes behind urban population density , the economic or cultural are the most significant causes . People always move to the areas which provide opportunity and the freedom they desire . It is now the responsiblity of municipal councils to make sure these people are housed , clothed , fed and educated .
In conclusion , we can say that amongst the many causes behind urban population density , the economic or cultural are the most significant . People always move to the areas which provide opportunity and the freedom they desire . It is now the responsiblity of municipal councils to make sure these people are housed and educated .
Christmas is the time to make the beloved ones feel special . A hug and a kiss would probably be more than enough but gifts are the omaments of mutual love and respect . Choosing the right gift for the right person may either be a pleasure or a pain in the chest . Failure would result from misery on your part even if the recipient does n't tell you the truth and pretend to be unhappy about the item , which might actually be a complete disappointment on his/her part .
Christmas is the time to make the beloved ones feel special and memorable . A hug and a kiss would probably be more than enough but gifts are the omaments of mutual love and respect . Choosing the right gift for the right person may either be a pleasure or a pain in the chest . Failure would result from misery on your part even if the recipient does n't tell you the truth and pretend to be unhappy about the item , which might actually be a complete disappointment on his/her part .
Christmas is the time to make the beloved ones feel special . A hug and a kiss would probably be more than sufficient but gifts are the omaments of mutual love and respect . Choosing the right gift for the right person may either be a pleasure or a pain in the chest . Failure would result from misery on your part even if the recipient does n't tell you the truth and pretend to be unhappy about the item , which might actually be a complete disappointment on his/her part .
Christmas is the time to make the beloved ones feel special . A hug and a kiss would probably be more than enough but gifts are the omaments of mutual love and respect . Buying the right gift for the right person may either be a pleasure or a pain in the chest . Failure would result from misery on your part even if the recipient does n't tell you the truth and pretend to be unhappy about the item , which might actually be a complete disappointment on his/her part .
Christmas is the time to make the beloved ones feel special . A hug and a kiss would probably be more than enough but gifts are the omaments of mutual love and respect . Choosing the right gift for the right person may either be a pleasure or a pain in the chest . Failure would result from distress on your part even if the recipient does n't tell you the truth and pretend to be unhappy about the item , which might actually be a complete disappointment on his/her part .
Christmas is the time to make the beloved ones feel special . A hug would probably be more than enough but gifts are the omaments of mutual love and respect . Choosing the right gift for the right person may either be a pleasure or a pain in the chest . Failure would result from misery on your part even if the recipient does n't tell you the truth and pretend to be unhappy about the item , which might actually be a complete disappointment on his/her part .
However , many people believe that a guide on choosing the right Christmas gift might be great help .
However , many people believe that a guide on selecting the right Christmas gift might be great help .
However , many people believe that a guide on choosing the right Christmas gift might be of great use .
However , fewer people believe that a guide on choosing the right Christmas gift could be great help .
However , many American people believe that a guide on choosing the right Christmas gift might be great help .
However , many people believe that a guide on choosing the right Christmas gift might be help .
The primary factor when choosing a Christmas gift is of course the degree of your relationship with the receiver . It mainly determines the value and type of the gift . Age is proved to be another important factor in buying not only Christmas gifts but gifts for any type of occasion .
The primary factor when choosing a Christmas gift is of course the degree of your relationship with the receiver . It mainly determines the value and type of the gift . Age is proved to be another key factor in buying not only Christmas gifts but gifts for any type of occasion .
The primary factor when choosing a Christmas gift is of course the degree of your relationship with the receiver . It mainly determines the value and practicality of the gift . Age is proved to be another important factor in buying not only Christmas gifts but gifts for any type of occasion .
The primary factor when choosing a Christmas gift is of course the degree of your relationship with the receiver . It mainly determines the value and type of the gift . Age is proved to be another important factor in buying not only Christmas gifts but gifts for other special occasions .
The primary factor when choosing a Christmas gift is of course the degree of your relationship with the receiver . It mainly determines the value , color , and type of the gift . Age is proved to be another important factor in buying not only Christmas gifts but gifts for any type of occasion .
The primary factor when choosing a Christmas gift is the degree of your relationship with the receiver . It mainly determines the value and type of the gift . Age is proved to be another important factor in buying not only Christmas gifts but gifts for any type of occasion .
Particularly men tend to be less careful and caring when bought gifts for the same sex .
Particularly men tend to be less careful and caring when bought presents for the same sex .
Particularly men are inclined to be less careful and caring when bought gifts for the same sex .
Particularly men tend to be less careful and thoughtful when bought gifts for the same sex .
Particularly men tend to be less careful and caring when bought birthday gifts for the same sex .
Particularly men tend to be less careful when bought gifts for the same sex .
Women , on the other hand , are less careful though they may act with a sense of revenge if the receiver has been disappointed her in the previous exchange .
Women , on the other hand , are less careful though they may act with a sense of revenge if the receiver has been disappointed her in the previous trade .
Women , on the other hand , are less careful though they may act with a sense of revenge if the receiver has been frustrated her in the previous exchange .
Women , on the other hand , are less careful though they may behave with a sense of revenge if the receiver has been disappointed her in the previous exchange .
Women , on the other hand , are less careful though they may act with a sense of revenge if the receiver has been actually disappointed her in the previous exchange .
Women are less careful though they may act with a sense of revenge if the receiver has been disappointed her in the previous exchange .
Buying gifts for colleagues or for other people at the workplace is a difficult story .
Buying presents for colleagues or for other people at the workplace is a difficult story .
Buying gifts for colleagues at the workplace is a difficult story .
Buying gifts for co-workers or for other people at the workplace is a difficult story .
Buying gifts for colleagues or for other people at the office is a difficult story .
Buying wedding gifts for colleagues or for other people at the workplace is a difficult story .
Rank and status can sometimes be more important than the degree of friendship . Just as a form of social contract people holding more or less familiar ranks are expected to buy gifts roughly the same value for each other .
Rank and status can sometimes be more essential than the degree of friendship . Just as a form of social contract people holding more or less familiar ranks are expected to buy gifts roughly the same value for each other .
Rank and status can sometimes be more important than the degree of friendship . Just as a form of social contract people bearing in mind more or less familiar ranks are expected to buy gifts roughly the same value for each other .
Rank and status can sometimes be more important than the degree of friendship . Just as a form of social contract people holding more or less familiar ranks are expected to buy gifts approximately the same value for each other .
Rank and status can sometimes be more important than the degree of friendship . Just as a form of social contract Chinese people holding more or less familiar ranks are expected to buy gifts roughly the same value for each other .
Rank can sometimes be more important than the degree of friendship . Just as a form of social contract people holding more or less familiar ranks are expected to buy gifts roughly the same value for each other .
Cells can not remain alive outside certain limits of temperature and much narrower limits mark the boundaries of effective functioning . Enzyme systems of mammals and birds are most efficient only with a narrow range around 37 ; a departure of a few degrees from this value serious impairs their functioning .
Cells can not remain alive outside certain limits of temperature and much narrower limits mark the extent of effective functioning . Enzyme systems of mammals and birds are most efficient only with a narrow range around 37 ; a departure of a few degrees from this value serious impairs their functioning .
Cells can not remain alive outside certain limits of temperature and much narrower limits mark the boundaries of effective functioning . Enzyme systems of mammals and birds are most efficient only with a narrow range around 38 ; a departure of a few degrees from this value serious blunts their functioning .
Cells can not remain alive outside certain limits of temperature and much narrower limits mark the boundaries of effective functioning . Enzyme systems of mammals and birds are most efficient only with a narrow range around 37 ; a departure of a few degrees from this value serious destroys their functioning .
Cells can not remain alive outside certain limits of temperature and much narrower limits mark the boundaries of effective functioning . Enzyme systems of mammals and birds are usually most efficient only with a narrow range around 37 ; a departure of a few degrees from this value serious impairs their functioning .
Cells can not remain alive outside certain limits of temperature and much narrower limits mark the boundaries of effective functioning . Enzyme systems of mammals are most efficient only with a narrow range around 37 ; a departure of a few degrees from this value serious impairs their functioning .
Even though cells can survive wider fluctuations the integrated actions of bodily systems are impaired . Other animals have a wide tolerance for changes of bodily temperature .
Even though cells can endure wider fluctuations the integrated actions of bodily systems are impaired . Other animals have a wide tolerance for changes of bodily temperature .
Even though cells can survive wider fluctuations the integrated actions of bodily systems are debilitated . Other animals have a wide tolerance for changes of bodily temperature .
Even though cells can survive wider fluctuations the integrated actions of bodily systems are impaired . Other animals have a wide tolerance for regulating bodily temperature .
Even though cells can survive wider fluctuations the integrated actions of bodily systems are impaired . Other animals actually have a wide tolerance for changes of bodily temperature .
Even though cells can survive wider fluctuations the actions of bodily systems are impaired . Other animals have a wide tolerance for changes of bodily temperature .
For century it has been recognized that mammals and birds differ other animals in the way they regulate body temperature .
For century it has been universally accepted that mammals and birds differ other animals in the way they regulate body temperature .
For century it has been recognized that mammals and birds differ other nonmammalian animals in the way they regulate body temperature .
For century it has been recognized that mammals and birds differ other animals in the way they regulate body temperature and give birth to live babies .
For century it has been recognized that birds differ other animals in the way they regulate body temperature .
For century it has been recognized that mammals and birds distinguish themselves other animals in the way they regulate body temperature .
Ways of characterizing the difference have become more accurate and meaningful over time , but popular terminology still reflects an old division into " warm blooded " and " cold-blooded " species ; warm-blooded included mammals and birds whereas all other creatures were considered cold-blooded .
Ways of characterizing the difference have become more accurate and meaningful over time , but popular terminology still implies an old division into " warm blooded " and " cold-blooded " species ; warm-blooded included mammals and birds whereas all other creatures were considered cold-blooded .
Ways of characterizing the difference have become more definite and meaningful over time , but popular terminology still reflects an old division into " warm blooded " and " cold-blooded " species ; warm-blooded included mammals and birds whereas all other creatures were considered cold-blooded .
Ways of characterizing the difference have become more accurate and meaningful over time , but attractive terminology still reflects an old division into " warm blooded " and " cold-blooded " species ; warm-blooded included mammals and birds whereas all other creatures were considered cold-blooded .
Ways of characterizing the difference have become more accurate and meaningful over time , but popular terminology still reflects an old division into " warm blooded " and " cold-blooded " species ; warm-blooded included mammals and birds whereas all other creatures were generally considered cold-blooded .
Ways of characterizing the difference have become more accurate over time , but popular terminology still reflects an old division into " warm blooded " and " cold-blooded " species ; warm-blooded included mammals and birds whereas all other creatures were considered cold-blooded .
As more species were studied , it became evident that this classifcation was adequate .
As more groups of palants and animals were studied , it became evident that this classifcation was adequate .
As more species were studied , it became evident that this categorization was adequate .
As more species were studied , it could be easily seen that this classifcation was adequate .
As more species were studied , it became evident that this classifcation was still adequate .
t became evident that this classifcation was adequate .
A cold-blooded fence lizard usually has a body temperature only a degree or two below those of humans and so is not cold .
A cold-blooded fence lizard generally has a body temperature only a degree or two below those of humans and so is not cold .
A cold-blooded fence lizard regularly has a body temperature only a degree or two below those of humans and so is not cold .
A cold-blooded fence lizard commonly has a body temperature only a degree or two below those of humans and so is not cold .
A cold-blooded fence lizard has a body temperature only a degree or two below those of humans and so is not cold .
A cold-blooded fence lizard usually has a body temperature only a degree or two below those of humans and so is not very cold .
Therefore the next distinction was taken between animals that maintain a constant body temperature , called homeotherms , and those whose body temperature varies with their environments , called poikdilotherms .
Therefore the next difference was taken between animals that maintain a constant body temperature , called homeotherms , and those whose body temperature varies with their environments , called poikdilotherms .
Therefore the next distinction was taken between animals that preserve a constant body temperature , called homeotherms , and those whose body temperature varies with their environments , called poikdilotherms .
Therefore the next distinction was taken between animals that maintain a constant body temperature , called homeotherms , and those whose body temperature varies with their surroundings , called poikdilotherms .
Therefore the next distinction was taken between some animals that maintain a constant body temperature , called homeotherms , and those whose body temperature varies with their environments , called poikdilotherms .
Therefore the next distinction was taken between animals that maintain a constant body temperature and those whose body temperature varies with their environments .
But this classification was also proved inadequate , because among mammals there are many that vary their body temperatures during hibernation . Furthermore , many invertebrates that live in the depths of the ocean never experience change in the depths of the ocean , and their body temperatures remain constant .
But this classification was also proved inadequate , because among mammals there are many that vary their body temperatures during hibernation . Furthermore , many animals with no backbone that live in the depths of the ocean never experience change in the depths of the ocean , and their body temperatures remain constant .
But this classification was also proved inadequate , because among mammals there are many that vary their body temperatures during hibernation . Furthermore , many invertebrates that live in the depths of the ocean never experience change in the depths of the ocean , and their body temperatures remain unchanged .
But this classification was also proved inadequate , because among mammals there are many that vary their body temperatures during hibernation . Furthermore , many invertebrates that live in the depths of the ocean never experience change in the depths of the ocean , and their shell temperatures remain constant .
But this classification was also proved inadequate , because among mammals there are many that frequently vary their body temperatures during hibernation . Furthermore , many invertebrates that live in the depths of the ocean never experience change in the depths of the ocean , and their body temperatures remain constant .
But this classification was also proved inadequate , because among mammals there are many that vary their body temperatures during hibernation . Furthermore , many invertebrates that live in the depths of the ocean never experience change , and their body temperatures remain constant .
The days when journalism was limited to obtaining press briefings and writing first hand account of happenings in the surrounding world are definitely over .
The days when journalism was limited to gathering press briefings and writing first hand account of happenings in the surrounding world are definitely over .
The days when journalism was limited to obtaining press briefings and writing first hand account of happenings in the neighboring world are definitely over .
The days when journalism was limited to achieving press briefings and writing first hand account of happenings in the surrounding world are definitely over .
The days when journalism was just limited to obtaining press briefings and writing first hand account of happenings in the surrounding world are definitely over .
The days when journalism was limited to obtaining press briefings and writing first hand account of happenings in the surrounding world are over .
Also over is the simplstic interview journalism you published question answers from interviews with dignity .
Also over is the unassuming interview journalism you published question answers from interviews with dignity .
Also over is the simplstic interview journalism you printed question answers from interviews with dignity .
Also over is the simplstic interview journalism you released question answers from interviews with dignity .
Also over is the simplstic interview journalism you published many question answers from interviews with dignity .
Also over is the simplstic journalism you published question answers from interviews with dignity .
Your wellresearched articles , pickling facts and figures from scores of reports , publications , papers etc . is also a done thing now . If you are privy to information that others do not have your chances of becoming a successful journalist are poor .
Your wellresearched articles , pickling facts and figures from scores of reports , publications , papers etc . is also a done thing now . If you are privy to information that others do not have your opportunities of becoming a successful journalist are poor .
Your wellresearched articles , pickling facts and figures from scores of reports , publications , papers etc . is also a done thing now . If you are privy to information that others do not have your chances of becoming a successful reporter are poor .
Your wellresearched articles , pickling facts and figures from scores of reports , publications , papers etc . is also a done thing now . If you are privy to information that others do not have your chances of becoming a successful journalist are slim .
Your wellresearched articles , pickling facts and figures from scores of reports , publications , papers etc . is also a done thing now . If you are never privy to information that others do not have your chances of becoming a successful journalist are poor .
Your wellresearched articles and figures from scores of reports , publications , papers etc . is also a done thing now . If you are privy to information that others do not have your chances of becoming a successful journalist are poor .
There was a time that jounalists and media did not indulge in expressing opinions connected with the news stories .
There was a time that jounalists and media did not indulge in expressing opinions related to the news stories .
There was a time that jounalists and media did not enjoy expressing opinions connected with the news stories .
There was a time that jounalists and media did not addicted to expressing opinions connected with the news stories .
There was a time that jounalists and media did not indulge in expressing strong opinions connected with the news stories .
There was a time that jounalists did not indulge in expressing opinions connected with the news stories .
They would simply put the facts before the people and let people to arrive at their own conclusions .
They would simply put the evidence before the people and let people to arrive at their own conclusions .
They would simply put the facts before the people and let people to come to their own conclusions .
They would simply put the information before the people and let people to arrive at their own conclusions .
They would simply put the hard facts before the people and let people to arrive at their own conclusions .
They wouldput the facts before the people and let people to arrive at their own conclusions .
This is true no more . Now apart from bringing brealing news , the media openly engages itself in expressing views and opinions neither for or against it .
This is true no more . Now apart from bringing brealing news , the media openly engages itself in expressing views and thoughts neither for or against it .
This is true no more . Now in addition to bringing brealing news , the media openly engages itself in expressing views and opinions neither for or against it .
This is true no more . Now apart from bringing brealing news , the media openly involves itself in expressing views and opinions neither for or against it .
This is true no more . Now apart from bringing lots of brealing news , the media openly engages itself in expressing views and opinions neither for or against it .
This is true no more . Now apart from bringing brealing news , the media engages itself in expressing views and opinions neither for or against it .
In recent times , they not only exposed various scandals but also made the public feel strongly about it .
In recent times , they not only revealed various scandals but also made the public feel strongly about it .
In recent times , they not only exposed various scandals and gossip but also made the public feel strongly about it .
In recent times , they not only exposed various scandals but also made civilians feel strongly about it .
In recent times , they not only exposed various sex scandals but also made the public feel strongly about it .
In recent times , they not only exposed scandals but also made the public feel strongly about it .
Even public opinion building by the media was acceptable but now it has crossed over to yet other domain , in finding out to what extent a given person was guilty of misconduct and the kind of punishment he/she deserved . So before any law enforcing agency or court of law comes to some decision in a given case , the media is ready with its conclusions .
Even public opinion building by the media was acceptable but now it has crossed over to yet other domain , in finding out to what extent a given person was guilty of unacceptable behaviors and the kind of punishment he/she deserved . So before any law enforcing agency or court of law comes to some decision in a given case , the media is ready with its conclusions .
Even public opinion building by the media was acceptable but now it has crossed over to yet other domain , in finding out to what extent a given person was remorseful of misconduct and the kind of punishment he/she deserved . So before any law enforcing agency or court of law comes to some decision in a given case , the media is ready with its conclusions .
Even public opinion building by the media was acceptable but now it has crossed over to yet other domain , in finding out to what extent a given person was guilty of dereliction and the kind of punishment he/she deserved . So before any law enforcing agency or court of law comes to some decision in a given case , the media is ready with its conclusions .
Even public opinion building by the media was socially acceptable but now it has crossed over to yet other domain , in finding out to what extent a given person was guilty of misconduct and the kind of punishment he/she deserved . So before any law enforcing agency or court of law comes to some decision in a given case , the media is ready with its conclusions .
Even public opinion was acceptable but now it has crossed over to yet other domain , in finding out to what extent a given person was guilty of misconduct and the kind of punishment he/she deserved . So before any law enforcing agency or court of law comes to some decision in a given case , the media is ready with its conclusions .
This role of media is pestering many including the government and the other day the prime minister had to say that media was now functioning all of one as accuser , prosecutor and judge .
This role of media is pestering many including the government officials and the other day the prime minister had to say that media was now functioning all of one as accuser , prosecutor and judge .
This role of media is pestering many including the government and the other day the prime minister had to say that media was now functioning all of one as accuser , lawyer and judge .
This role of media is pestering people belonging to different classes and the other day the prime minister had to say that media was now functioning all of one as accuser , prosecutor and judge .
This role of media is pestering many organizations including the government and the other day the prime minister had to say that media was now functioning all of one as accuser , prosecutor and judge .
This role of media is pestering many including the government and the other day the prime minister had to say that media was now functioning all of one as accuser and judge .
The word " freedom " for many black Americans is inextricably linked with the word " slavery . " While it has 148 years since the Emancipation Proclamation , and 47 years since the landmark Civil Rights Act , for many , the words of Martin Luther King in his famous speech still ring real : " The Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity . "
The word " freedom " for many black Americans is inextricably linked with the word " slavery . " While it has 148 years since the Emancipation Proclamation , and 47 years since the landmark Civil Rights Act , for many , the words of Martin Luther King in his renowned speech still ring real : " The Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity . "
The word " freedom " for many black Americans is inevitably linked with the word " slavery . " While it has 148 years since the Emancipation Proclamation , and 48 years since the landmark Civil Rights Act , for many , the words of Martin Luther King in his famous speech still ring real : " The Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity . "
The word " freedom " for many black Americans is inextricably linked with the word " slavery . " While it has 148 years since the Emancipation Proclamation , and 47 years since the landmark Civil Rights Act , for many , the words of Martin Luther King in his grand speech still ring real : " The Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity . "
The word " freedom " for many black Americans is inextricably linked with the word " slavery . " While it has already 148 years since the Emancipation Proclamation , and 47 years since the landmark Civil Rights Act , for many , the words of Martin Luther King in his famous speech still ring real : " The Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity . "
The word " freedom " is inextricably linked with the word " slavery . " While it has 148 years since the Emancipation Proclamation , and 47 years since the landmark Civil Rights Act , for many , the words of Martin Luther King in his famous speech still ring real : " The Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity . "
Many black Americans still find themselves spiritually and economically slaved on the figurative 2lst-century plantation .
Many black Americans still find themselves spiritually and economically slaved on the literal 2lst-century plantation .
Many black Americans still find themselves spiritually and mentally slaved on the figurative 2lst-century plantation .
Many African-Americans still find themselves spiritually and economically slaved on the figurative 3lst-century plantation .
Many black Americans still find themselves spiritually slaved on the figurative 2lst-century plantation .
Many black Americans can still find themselves spiritually and economically slaved on the figurative 2lst-century plantation .
Why is that still so ? After all , for the last 47 years , our leaders have passed on bill after bill ostensibly to free black Americans from the manacles of poverty and provide ever stronger safety nets for those disadvantaged .
Why is that still so ? After all , for the last 47 years , our leaders have passed on bill after bill evidently to free black Americans from the manacles of poverty and provide ever stronger safety nets for those disadvantaged .
Why is that still so ? After all , for the last 48 years , our leaders have passed on bill after bill ostensibly to free black Americans from the shackles of poverty and provide ever stronger safety nets for those disadvantaged .
Why is that still so ? After all , for the last 47 years , our leaders have passed on bill after bill ostensibly to free black Americans from the manacles of poverty and provide ever stronger safety nets for those deprived .
Why is that still so ? After all , for the last 47 years , our union leaders have passed on bill after bill ostensibly to free black Americans from the manacles of poverty and provide ever stronger safety nets for those disadvantaged .
Why is that still so ? After all , our leaders have passed on bill after bill ostensibly to free black Americans from the manacles of poverty and provide ever stronger safety nets for those disadvantaged .
Because two very formidable forces have conspired over these last 47 years-almost the span of my complete life-to shackde the economic freedoms and aspirations of the black community : liberal progressive policies , generally supported by Democrats , and the socialist ideology espoused by prominent blacks as Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson .
Because two very formidable forces have plotted over these last 47 years-almost the span of my complete life-to shackde the economic freedoms and aspirations of the black community : liberal progressive policies , generally supported by Democrats , and the socialist ideology espoused by prominent blacks as Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson .
Because two very formidable forces have conspired over these last 48 years-almost the span of my complete life-to shackde the economic freedoms and strong desires of the black community : liberal progressive policies , generally supported by Democrats , and the socialist ideology espoused by prominent blacks as Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson .
Because two very formidable forces have conspired over these last 47 years-almost the span of my complete life-to shackde the economic freedoms and aspirations of the black community : liberal progressive policies , generally backed by Democrats , and the socialist ideology espoused by prominent blacks as Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson .
Because two very formidable forces have conspired over these last 47 years-almost the span of my complete life-to shackde the economic freedoms and aspirations of the black community : liberal progressive policies , generally supported by some Democrats , and the socialist ideology espoused by prominent blacks as Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson .
Because two formidable forces have conspired over these last 47 years-almost the span of my complete life-to shackde the economic freedoms and aspirations of the black community : liberal progressive policies , generally supported by Democrats , and the socialist ideology espoused by prominent blacks as Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson .
This is always curious to me that black Americans typically vote Democrat , when it was a Republican president , Abraham Lincoln , who issued the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863 , and a Republican from Ohio , Representative James Mitchell Ashley , who came forth the bill to support an amendment to end slavery throughout the United States .
This is always curious to me that black Americans typically support Democrat , when it was a Republican president , Abraham Lincoln , who issued the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863 , and a Republican from Ohio , Representative James Mitchell Ashley , who came forth the bill to support an amendment to end slavery throughout the United States .
This is always curious to me that black Americans typically vote Democrat , when it was a Republican president , Abraham Lincoln , who issued the Emancipation Proclamation in 1864 , and a Republican from Ohio , Representative James Mitchell Ashley , who came forth the bill to back an amendment to end slavery throughout the United States .
This is always curious to me that black Americans typically vote Democrat , when it was a Republican president , Abraham Lincoln , who announced the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863 , and a Republican from Ohio , Representative James Mitchell Ashley , who came forth the bill to support an amendment to end slavery throughout the United States .
This is always curious to me that black Americans typically vote Democrat , when it was a Republican president , Abraham Lincoln , who finally issued the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863 , and a Republican from Ohio , Representative James Mitchell Ashley , who came forth the bill to support an amendment to end slavery throughout the United States .
This is always curious to me that black Americansvote Democrat , when it was a Republican president , Abraham Lincoln , who issued the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863 , and a Republican from Ohio , Representative James Mitchell Ashley , who came forth the bill to support an amendment to end slavery throughout the United States .
Nearly 100 years late , when the initial Civil Rights Bill came before the full Senate in 1964 , it was a group of 18 Southern Democrats who argued most fervently against its passage .
Nearly 100 years late , when the initial Civil Rights Bill came before the full Senate in 1964 , it was a group of 18 Southern Democrats who argued most vehemently against its passage .
Nearly 100 years late , when the initial Civil Rights Bill came before the full Senate in 1964 , it was a group of 19 Southern Democrats who disputed most fervently against its passage .
Nearly 100 years late , when the initial Civil Rights Bill issued before the full Senate in 1964 , it was a group of 18 Southern Democrats who argued most fervently against its passage .
Nearly 100 years late , when the initial Civil Rights Bill came before the full Senate in 1964 , it was a small group of 18 Southern Democrats who argued most fervently against its passage .
Nearly 100 years late , when the initial Civil Rights Bill came before the full Senate in 1964 , it was a group of 18 Democrats who argued most fervently against its passage .
The nature of work is changing . Recent technological advances , a shift from manufacturing to service-based organizations , increased global competition , and the importance of knowledge workers all have contributed to a dynamic and complex work environment . To survive , organizations must embrace fexibility and adaptability . They must have a systems view that help them to integrate the meaning of common everyday occurrences into overall interrelationships , interdependencies , and patterns of change to allow them to achieve thisneeded adaptability .
The nature of work is changing . Recent technological innovations , a shift from manufacturing to service-based organizations , increased global competition , and the importance of knowledge workers all have contributed to a dynamic and complex work environment . To survive , organizations must embrace fexibility and adaptability . They must have a systems view that help them to integrate the meaning of common everyday occurrences into overall interrelationships , interdependencies , and patterns of change to allow them to achieve thisneeded adaptability .
The nature of work is changing . Recent technological advances , a shift from manufacturing to service-based organizations , increased global competition , and the importance of knowledge workers all have contributed to a dynamic and complex work environment . To survive , organizations must embrace variety and adaptability . They must have a systems view that help them to integrate the meaning of common everyday occurrences into overall interrelationships , interdependencies , and patterns of change to allow them to achieve thisneeded adaptability .
The nature of work is changing . Recent technological advances , a shift from manufacturing to service-based organizations , increased global competition , and the importance of knowledge workers all have contributed to a dynamic and complex work environment . To survive , organizations must embrace fexibility and adaptability . They must have a systematic point of view that help them to integrate the meaning of common everyday occurrences into overall interrelationships , interdependencies , and patterns of change to allow them to achieve thisneeded adaptability .
The nature of work is changing . Recent technological advances , a shift from manufacturing to service-based organizations , increased global competition , and the importance of knowledge workers all have contributed to a dynamic and complex work environment . To survive , business organizations must embrace fexibility and adaptability . They must have a systems view that help them to integrate the meaning of common everyday occurrences into overall interrelationships , interdependencies , and patterns of change to allow them to achieve thisneeded adaptability .
The nature of work is changing . Recent technological advances , a shift from manufacturing to service-based organizations , increased global competition , and the importance of knowledge workers all have contributed to a dynamic work environment . To survive , organizations must embrace fexibility and adaptability . They must have a systems view that help them to integrate the meaning of common everyday occurrences into overall interrelationships , interdependencies , and patterns of change to allow them to achieve thisneeded adaptability .
Very often , organizations accompany these goals through the implementation of teams .
Very often , organizations accompany these long-term goals through the implementation of teams .
Very often , agencies accompany these goals through the implementation of teams .
Very often , organizations accompany these goals with the power of small teams .
Very often , organizations accompany these goals through the implementation of large groups .
Organizations accompany these goals through the implementation of teams .
A team is a collective of dependent individuals who together have shared objectives , mental models , and procedures that guide their perceptions , thinking , and behaviors toward a common goal .
A team is a collective of dependent individuals who together have shared objectives , mental models , and procedures that guide their concepts , thinking , and behaviors toward a common goal .
A team is a collective of dependent individuals who together have shared objectives , mental models , and procedures that guide their perceptions , thinking , and behaviors toward a common objective .
A team is a collective of dependent individuals who together have shared objectives , mental models , and procedures that guide their perceptions , thinking , and actions toward a common goal .
A work team is a collective of dependent individuals who together have shared objectives , mental models , and procedures that guide their perceptions , thinking , and behaviors toward a common goal .
A team is a collective of dependent individuals who together have shared objectives and procedures that guide their perceptions , thinking , and behaviors toward a common goal .
The process which teams achieve this commonality is called collaboration .
The process which teams reach this commonality is called collaboration .
The process which teams realize this commonality is called collaboration .
The process which teams achieve this commonality is called partnership .
The process which sales teams achieve this commonality is called collaboration .
The process which teams achieve this commonality is collaboration .
Dissimilarly , cooperation has been discussed as a team skill competency that includes offering help to those team members who need it , pacing activities to fit the needs of the team , and behaving so that actions are not misinterpreted .
Dissimilarly , cooperation has been discussed as a team skill competence that includes offering help to those team members who need it , pacing activities to fit the needs of the team , and behaving so that actions are not misinterpreted .
Dissimilarly , cooperation has been discussed as a team skill competency that includes offering help to those team members who need it , pacing activities to fit the needs of the team , and behaving so that actions are not misconstrued .
Dissimilarly , cooperation has been discussed as a team skill competency that includes offering help to those team members who need it , pacing activities to meet demands of the team , and behaving so that actions are not misinterpreted .
Dissimilarly , cooperation has been discussed as a crucial team skill competency that includes offering help to those team members who need it , pacing activities to fit the needs of the team , and behaving so that actions are not misinterpreted .
Dissimilarly , cooperation has been discussed as a team skill competency that includes offering help to those team members who need it and behaving so that actions are not misinterpreted .
Collective organizations immerse themselves to the virtues of collaboration and cooperation by reducing the hierarchy of social stratification on which traditional bureaucratic organizations rely .
Collective organizations bury themselves to the virtues of collaboration and cooperation by reducing the hierarchy of social stratification on which traditional bureaucratic organizations rely .
Collective organizations immerse themselves to the virtues of collaboration and cooperation by curtailing the hierarchy of social stratification on which traditional bureaucratic organizations rely .
Collective organizations immerse themselves to the virtues of collaboration and cooperation by reducing the hierarchy of class gaps on which traditional bureaucratic organizations rely .
Collective organizations immerse themselves to the virtues of collaboration and cooperation by reducing the rigid hierarchy of social stratification on which traditional bureaucratic organizations rely .
Collective organizations immerse themselves to the virtues of collaboration and cooperation by reducing the hierarchy of social stratification on which bureaucratic organizations rely .
However , they encourage decisions to be made by the collective group to foster a sense of community and shared purpose .
However , they encourage choices to be made by the collective group to foster a sense of community and shared purpose .
However , they encourage decisions to be made by the collective group to cultivate a sense of community and shared purpose .
However , they encourage decisions to be made by the collective group to foster a sense of community and shared goal .
However , they try to encourage decisions to be made by the collective group to foster a sense of community and shared purpose .
However , they encourage decisions to be made by the collective group to foster a sense of community .
Cooperation and teamwork facilitate coordination , communication , adaptability , enhance employee participation , and empowerment , thereby alowing individuals to achieve collective outputs that are greater than the sum of their parts .
Cooperation and teamwork facilitate coordination , communication , adaptability , enhance employee participation , and empowerment , thereby alowing individuals to achieve corporate outputs that are greater than the sum of their parts .
Cooperation and partnership facilitate coordination , communication , adaptability , enhance employee participation , and empowerment , thereby alowing individuals to achieve collective outputs that are greater than the sum of their parts .
Cooperation and teamwork facilitate coordination , communication , adaptability , enhance employee participation , and empowerment , thereby alowing individuals to achieve collective production that are greater than the sum of their parts .
Cooperation and teamwork facilitate coordination , communication , adaptability , enhance employee participation , and empowerment , thereby alowing a large number of individuals to achieve collective outputs that are greater than the sum of their parts .
Cooperation and teamwork facilitate coordination , adaptability , enhance employee participation , and empowerment , thereby alowing individuals to achieve collective outputs that are greater than the sum of their parts .
Organizations continue to depend on teams and the synergy they engender to assist at streamlining work processes that promote efficiency , the increased innovation , and quality of products and services .
Organizations continue to depend on teams and the synergy they engender to assist at streamlining work processes that promote efficiency , the enhanced innovation , and quality of products and services .
Organizations continue to depend on teams and the synergy they create to assist at streamlining work processes that promote efficiency , the increased innovation , and quality of products and services .
Organizations continue to utilize teams and the synergy they engender to assist at streamlining work processes that promote efficiency , the increased innovation , and quality of products and services .
Organizations continue to depend heavily on teams and the synergy they engender to assist at streamlining work processes that promote efficiency , the increased innovation , and quality of products and services .
Organizations continue to depend on teams to assist at streamlining work processes that promote efficiency , the increased innovation , and quality of products and services .
The ability to move to find new work has long been a cornerstone of the American Dream . There is growing concern that being stuck in place contributes to higher levels of unemployment . Our analysis , therefore , finds no correlation whatsoever between the percentage of residents who were born in a state and either the overall rate of unemployment and its change over the past year .
The competence to move to find new work has long been a cornerstone of the American Dream . There is growing concern that being stuck in place contributes to higher levels of unemployment . Our analysis , therefore , finds no correlation whatsoever between the percentage of residents who were born in a state and either the overall rate of unemployment and its change over the past year .
The capacity to move to find new work has long been a cornerstone of the American Dream . There is growing concern that being stuck in place contributes to higher levels of unemployment . Our analysis , therefore , finds no correlation whatsoever between the percentage of residents who were born in a state and either the overall rate of unemployment and its change over the past year .
The ability to move to find new work has long been a cornerstone of the American Dream . There is developing concern that being stuck in place contributes to higher levels of unemployment . Our analysis , therefore , finds no correlation whatsoever between the percentage of residents who were born in a state and either the overall rate of unemployment and its change over the past year .
The ability to move to find new work has long been a cornerstone of the American Dream . There is growing concern that being stuck in place contributes to higher levels of unemployment . Our statistical analysis , therefore , finds no correlation whatsoever between the percentage of residents who were born in a state and either the overall rate of unemployment and its change over the past year .
The ability to move to find new work has long been a cornerstone of the American Dream . There is growing concern that being stuck in place contributes to higher levels of unemployment . Our analysis , therefore , finds no correlation whatsoever between the percentage of residents and either the overall rate of unemployment and its change over the past year .
There is also no correlation between it and the level of income inequality . States with higher percentages of home grown up residents do however have higher poverty rates .
There is also no interaction between it and the level of income inequality . States with higher percentages of home grown up residents do however have higher poverty rates .
There is also no correlation between it and the level of income inequality . States with higher percentages of home grown up inhabitants do however have higher poverty rates .
There is also no correlation between it and the wide disparity between rich and poor . States with higher percentages of home grown up residents do however have higher poverty rates .
There is also no direct correlation between it and the level of income inequality . States with higher percentages of home grown up residents do however have higher poverty rates .
There is no correlation between it and the level of income inequality . States with higher percentages of home grown up residents do however have higher poverty rates .
State mobility appears to be related to residents ' perceptions of their future economic conditions . The percentage of residents born in a state is closely associated with the percentage of people in the state who see the economy getting worse and negatively associated with the percentage who perceive the economy to be getting better .
State mobility appears to be related to residents ' opinions of their future economic conditions . The percentage of residents born in a state is closely associated with the percentage of people in the state who see the economy getting worse and negatively associated with the percentage who perceive the economy to be getting better .
State mobility appears to be related to residents ' perceptions of their future economic conditions . The percentage of residents born in a state is closely bound up with the percentage of people in the state who see the economy getting worse and negatively associated with the percentage who perceive the economy to be getting better .
State mobility appears to be related to residents ' perceptions of their future economic conditions . The percentage of residents born in a state is deeply associated with the percentage of people in the state who see the economy getting worse and negatively associated with the percentage who perceive the economy to be getting better .
State mobility appears to be related to residents ' perceptions of their future economic conditions . The percentage of residents born in a southern state is closely associated with the percentage of people in the state who see the economy getting worse and negatively associated with the percentage who perceive the economy to be getting better .
State mobility appears to be related to residents ' perceptions of their future economic conditions . The percentage of residents born in a state is associated with the percentage of people in the state who see the economy getting worse and negatively associated with the percentage who perceive the economy to be getting better .
This likely reflects a difference in the levels of income and skills what underlie these divergent perceptions about the economy .
This likely reflects a difference in the levels of income and skills what underlie these conflicting perceptions about the economy .
This likely reflects a difference in the levels of income and skills what underlie these disparate perceptions about the economy .
This likely reflects a difference in the levels of income and skills what emphasize these divergent perceptions about the economy .
This likely reflects a difference in the levels of income inequality and skills what underlie these divergent perceptions about the economy .
This reflects a difference in the levels of income and skills what underlie these divergent perceptions about the economy .
State-level mobility is also associated with key dimensions of health and well-being . Low mobility states have higher levels of obesity and smoking and higher levels of happiness and well-being .
State-level mobility is also associated with pivotal dimensions of health and well-being . Low mobility states have higher levels of obesity and smoking and higher levels of happiness and well-being .
State-level mobility is also associated with indispensable dimensions of health and well-being . Low mobility states have higher levels of obesity and smoking and higher levels of happiness and well-being .
State-level mobility is also associated with crucial dimensions of health and well-being . Low mobility states have higher levels of obesity and smoking and higher levels of happiness and well-being .
State-level mobility is also closely associated with key dimensions of health and well-being . Low mobility states have higher levels of obesity and smoking and higher levels of happiness and well-being .
State-level mobility is associated with key dimensions of health and well-being . Low mobility states have higher levels of obesity and smoking and higher levels of happiness and well-being .
The percentage of residents born in a state is positively correlated with smoking and obesity , as well as deaths from cardiovascular disease , heart disease , and cancer .
The percentage of residents born in a state is positively connected with smoking and obesity , as well as deaths from cardiovascular disease , heart disease , and cancer .
The amount of residents born in a state is positively correlated with smoking and obesity , as well as deaths from cardiovascular disease , heart disease , and cancer .
The number of residents born in a state is positively correlated with smoking and obesity , as well as deaths from cardiovascular disease , heart disease , and cancer .
The percentage of residents born in a state is positively correlated with smoking and obesity , as well as deaths from cardiovascular disease , blood disease, heart disease , and cancer .
The percentage of residents born in a state is positively correlated with smoking , as well as deaths from cardiovascular disease , heart disease , and cancer .
Converse , the level of happiness or subjective wellbeing is negatively associated with the percentage of residents born in a state .
Converse , the level of happiness or subjective wellbeing is negatively related to the percentage of residents born in a state .
Converse , the level of happiness or personal wellbeing is negatively associated with the percentage of residents born in a state .
Converse , the level of happiness or subjective wellbeing is negatively associated with the share of residents born in a state .
Converse , the level of happiness or subjective wellbeing is negatively associated with the percentage of residents born in a southern state .
Converse , the level of happiness is negatively associated with the percentage of residents born in a state .
And many have focused on the economic effects of mobility , our analysis suggests it play an important role in health and happiness as well .
And many have focused on the economic effects of mobility , our analysis suggests it play a significant role in health and happiness as well .
And many have focused on the economic effects of mobility , our analysis suggests it play a major role in health and happiness as well .
And many have focused on the economic effects of mobility , our analysis suggests it play an important role in health and happiness as well .
And many have focused on the economic effects of mobility , our statistical analysis suggests it play an important role in health and happiness as well .
And many have focused on the economic effects of mobility , our analysis suggests it play an important role in health as well .
For a developing country like India whose ecological and socio-economic systems are already under pressure from rapid urbanization , industrialization and economic growth , responding to the additional stress from impacts of climate change present both challenges and opportunities .
For a developing country like India whose ecological and socio-economic systems are already under pressure from fast urbanization , industrialization and economic growth , responding to the additional stress from impacts of climate change present both challenges and opportunities .
For a developing country like India whose ecological and socio-economic systems are already under pressure from rapid urbanization , industrialization and economic development , responding to the additional stress from impacts of climate change present both challenges and opportunities .
For a developing country like India whose ecological and socio-economic systems are already under pressure from rapid urbanization , industrialization and economic growth , responding to the extra stress from impacts of climate change present both challenges and opportunities .
For a developing country like India whose ecological and socio-economic systems are already under increasing pressure from rapid urbanization , industrialization and economic growth , responding to the additional stress from impacts of climate change present both challenges and opportunities .
For a developing country whose ecological and socio-economic systems are already under pressure from rapid urbanization , industrialization and economic growth , responding to the additional stress from impacts of climate change present both challenges and opportunities .
By weaving climate change concerns into the fabric of its existing developmental policies , the country would not only be able to ineffectively address the challenges of climate change mitigation and adaptation , but will also be able to attain sustainable development .
By weaving climate change concerns into the fabric of its existing developmental policies , the country would not only be able to ineffectively resolve the challenges of climate change mitigation and adaptation , but will also be able to attain sustainable development .
By weaving climate change concerns into the fabric of its existing developmental policies , the country would not only be able to ineffectively address the challenges of climate change alleviation and adaptation , but will also be able to attain sustainable development .
By weaving climate change concerns into the fabric of its existing developmental policies , the country would not only be able to ineffectively address the challenges of climate change mitigation and adaptation , but will also be able to attain sustainable and healthy development .
By weaving climate change concerns into the fabric of its existing developmental policies , the country would not only be able to ineffectively address the challenges of climate change mitigation and adaptation , but will also be able to attain sustainable development .
By weaving climate change concerns into the fabric of its existing developmental policies , the country would not only be able to ineffectively address the challenges of climate change mitigation , but will also be able to attain sustainable development .
The impacts of climate change are conventionally assessed in terms of their impact on the human and natural system .
The impacts of climate change are conventionally assessed in terms of their impact on the ecosystem .
The impacts of climate change are assessed in terms of their impact on the human and natural system .
The impacts of climate change are conventionally evaluated in terms of their impact on the human and natural system .
The impacts of climate change are conventionally assessed in terms of their adverse effect on the human and natural system .
The impacts of climate change are conventionally assessed in terms of their impact on the human , animals and natural system .
These impacts would in turn , relate sustainable development largely through their implication on the opportunities for economic development and development planning , on access to resources and on the distributional effects , especially on the most poor across regions and income groups .
These impacts would in turn , relate sustainable development largely through their implication on the opportunities for economic development and development planning , on access to resources and on the distributional effects , especially on the most impoverished across regions and income groups .
These impacts would in turn , relate sustainable development mostly through their implication on the opportunities for economic development and development planning , on access to resources and on the distributional effects , especially on the most poor across regions and income groups .
These impacts would in turn , relate sustainable development largely through their implication on the opportunities for economic development and development planning , on access to resources and on the distributional effects , especially on the most poor across administrative regions and income groups .
These impacts would in turn , relate viable development largely through their implication on the opportunities for economic development and development planning , on access to resources and on the distributional effects , especially on the most poor across regions and income groups .
These impacts would in turn , relate sustainable development through their implication on the opportunities for economic development and development planning , on access to resources and on the distributional effects , especially on the most poor across regions and income groups .
Research conducting on the impact of climate change shows that developing countries are probable to bear the brunt as they have fewer resources for coping with the adverse change .
Research conducting on the impact of climate change shows that developing countries are probable to bear the brunt as they have fewer resources for managing the adverse change .
Research conducting on the impact of climate change shows that developing countries are probable to bear the brunt as they have fewer resources for coping with the detrimental change .
Research conducting on the impact of climate change shows that developing countries are probable to bear the brunt as they have fewer resources for coping with the inimical change .
Research conducting on the impact of climate change shows that a number of developing countries are probable to bear the brunt as they have fewer resources for coping with the adverse change .
Research conducting on the impact of climate change shows that developing countries are probable to bear the brunt as they have fewer resources .
In India , climate change could add the additional stress on ecological and socio-economic systems are already facing tremendous pressuresdue to rapid urbanization , industrialization and economic development .
In India , climate change could add the additional stress on ecological and socio-economic systems are already facing significant pressuresdue to rapid urbanization , industrialization and economic development .
In India , climate change could add the additional stress on ecological and socio-economic systems are already facing massive pressuresdue to rapid urbanization , industrialization and economic development .
In India , climate change could add the additional pressure on ecological and socio-economic systems are already facing tremendous pressuresdue to rapid urbanization , industrialization and economic development .
In India , climate change could add the additional stress on ecological, political , and socio-economic systems are already facing tremendous pressuresdue to rapid urbanization , industrialization and economic development .
In India , climate change could add the additional stress on socio-economic systems are already facing tremendous pressuresdue to rapid urbanization , industrialization and economic development .
Though the economy is closely tied to its natural resource base , India with its huge and growing population is considerately vulnerable to the impact of climate change .
Though the economy is closely tied to its natural resource base , India with its huge and expanding population is considerately vulnerable to the impact of climate change .
Though the economy is closely tied to its natural resource base , India with its huge and growing population is considerately vulnerable to the impact of global warming .
Though the economy is closely tied to its natural resource base , India with its huge and growing population is considerately vulnerable to the impact of temperature change .
Though the economy is closely tied to its natural resource base , India with its huge and growing population is considerately vulnerable to the full impact of climate change .
Though the economy is tied to its natural resource base , India with its huge and growing population is considerately vulnerable to the impact of climate change .
Women were more likely than men to report having understandings about safer behavior , such as agreeing not to get drunk ( 23 percent of women compared to 14 percent of men ) .About twice many women as men reported agreements with friends not to have dangerous relationships with someone new during break ( 17 percent compared to 8 percent ) .
Women were more likely than men to report having understandings about safer behavior , such as agreeing not to get drunk ( 23 percent of women compared to 14 percent of men ) .About twice many women as men reported agreements with friends not to have perilous relationships with someone new during break ( 17 percent compared to 8 percent ) .
Women were more probably than men to report having understandings about safer behavior , such as agreeing not to get drunk ( 23 percent of women compared to 14 percent of men ) .About twice many women as men reported agreements with friends not to have dangerous relationships with someone new during break ( 17 percent compared to 9 percent ) .
Women were more likely than men to report having understandings about safer behavior , such as agreeing not to get drunk ( 23 percent of women compared to 14 percent of men ) .About twice many women as men reported agreements with friends not to have precarious relationships with someone new during break ( 17 percent compared to 8 percent ) .
Women were more likely than men to report having clear understandings about safer behavior , such as agreeing not to get drunk ( 23 percent of women compared to 14 percent of men ) .About twice many women as men reported agreements with friends not to have dangerous relationships with someone new during break ( 17 percent compared to 8 percent ) .
Women were more likely than men to report having understandings about safer behavior .About twice many women as men reported agreements with friends not to have dangerous relationships with someone new during break ( 17 percent compared to 8 percent ) .
" Students went on a spring break trip were nearly four times as likely as other students to engage to binge drinking , " said developmental psychologist Megan Patrick , lead author of the paper and a Faculty Research Fellow at the University of Michigan Institute for Social Research .
" Students went on a spring break trip were nearly four times as likely as other students to participate to binge drinking , " said developmental psychologist Megan Patrick , lead author of the paper and a Faculty Research Fellow at the University of Michigan Institute for Social Research .
" Students went on a spring break trip were nearly four times as likely as other students to engage to excessive drinking , " said developmental psychologist Megan Patrick , lead author of the paper and a Faculty Research Fellow at the University of Michigan Institute for Social Research .
" Students went on a spring break trip were nearly four times as likely as other students to take part in to binge drinking , " said developmental psychologist Megan Patrick , lead author of the paper and a Faculty Research Fellow at the University of Michigan Institute for Social Research .
" Students went on a spring break trip were nearly four times as likely as other students to actively engage to binge drinking , " said developmental psychologist Megan Patrick , lead author of the paper and a Faculty Research Fellow at the University of Michigan Institute for Social Research .
" Students went on a spring break trip were four times as likely as other students to engage to binge drinking , " said developmental psychologist Megan Patrick , lead author of the paper .
" Understandings students had with their friends were also important predictors of alcoholic use . "
" Understandings students had with their friends were also important predictors of alcoholic abuse . "
" Understandings students had with their acquaintances were also important predictors of alcoholic use . "
" Understandings students had with their friends were also important markers of alcoholic use . "
" Understandings university students had with their friends were also important predictors of alcoholic use . "
" Understandings students had with their friends were important predictors of alcoholic use . "
Patrick and colleagues at Penn State surveyed 651 college freshmen either before and after spring break .
Patrick and colleagues at Penn State surveyed 651 university entrants either before and after spring break .
Patrick and colleagues at Penn State investigated 652 college freshmen either before and after spring break .
Patrick and colleagues at Penn State inspected 651 college freshmen either before and after spring break .
Patrick and colleagues at Penn State still surveyed 651 college freshmen either before and after spring break .
Patrick and colleagues at Penn State surveyed 651 college freshmen either before spring break .
They were able to control for student behavior after spring break , which was a strong predictor of behavior during break .
They were able to control for student behavior after spring break , which was a powerful predictor of behavior during break .
They were able to control for student behavior after spring break , which was a strong signal of behavior during break .
They were able to control for student behavior after spring break , which was a strong predictor of activity during break .
They were able to control for student behavior both after and after spring break , which was a strong predictor of behavior during break .
They were able to control for student behavior after spring break , which was a predictor of behavior during break .
According to the study , about 31 percent of 651 college freshmen surveying reported binge drinling during spring break .
According to the study , about 31 percent of 651 college freshmen surveying found binge drinling during spring break .
According to the study , about 31 percent of 652 college freshmen surveying reported excessive drinking during spring break .
According to the study , about 31 percent of 651 college freshmen surveying reported hangover during spring break .
According to the study , about 31 percent of 651 college freshmen and sophomores surveying reported binge drinling during spring break .
According to the study , about 31 percent of 651 college freshmen surveying reported binge drinling .
It 's important to encourage young people to talk with their friends being safe during spring break , " Patrick said . "
It 's important to inspire young people to talk with their friends being safe during spring break , " Patrick said . "
It 's vital to encourage young people to talk with their friends being safe during spring break , " Patrick said . "
It 's effective to encourage young people to talk with their friends being safe during spring break , " Patrick said . "
It 's vitally important to encourage young people to talk with their friends being safe during spring break , " Patrick said . "
It 's important to encourage young people to talk with their friends being safe , " Patrick said . "
Agreeing that they wo n't drink too much may have an important protected effect .
Agreeing that they wo n't drink too much may have an efficient protected effect .
Agreeing that they wo n't drink too much may have a necessary protected effect .
Promising that they wo n't drink too much may have an important protected effect .
Agreeing that they wo n't drink too much alcohol may have an important protected effect .
Agreeing that may have an important protected effect .
It 's also important to talk about looking out for each other in case of someone does drink too much . "
It 's also important to speak about looking out for each other in case of someone does drink too much .
It 's also important to talk about paying attention to each other in case of someone does drink too much . "
It 's also important to talk about looking out for each other in case of someone actually drink too much .
It 's also very important to talk about looking out for each other in case of someone does drink too much . "
It 'simportant to talk about looking out for each other in case of someone does drink too much . "
The government 's continuing failure to address our nation 's gut-wrenching unemployment stems froma fundamental disagreement over how jobs are created in the first place.We are now in the third year of policies predicated on the assumption that government spending creates jobs . We have been squandered three years and trillions of dollars of the nation 's wealth on such policies , and they have not worked so they can not work .
The government 's continuing failure to address our nation 's gut-wrenching unemployment stems froma fundamental disagreement over how jobs are created in the first place.We are now in the third year of policies predicated on the assumption that government spending creates jobs . We have been lavished three years and trillions of dollars of the nation 's wealth on such policies , and they have not worked so they can not work .
The government 's continuing failure to address our nation 's gut-wrenching unemployment stems froma fundamental controversy over how jobs are created in the first place.We are now in the third year of policies predicated on the assumption that government spending creates jobs . We have been squandered three years and trillions of dollars of the nation 's wealth on such policies , and they have not worked so they can not work .
The government 's continuing failure to address our nation 's gut-wrenching unemployment stems froma fundamental disagreement over how jobs are created in the first place.We are now in the third year of policies predicated on the belief that government spending creates jobs . We have been squandered three years and trillions of dollars of the nation 's wealth on such policies , and they have not worked so they can not work .
The government 's continuing failure to address our nation 's gut-wrenching unemployment stems froma fundamental disagreement over how jobs are created in the first place.We are now in the third year of policies predicated on the assumption that government spending creates permanent jobs . We have been squandered three years and trillions of dollars of the nation 's wealth on such policies , and they have not worked so they can not work .
The government 's continuing failure to address our nation 's gut-wrenching unemployment stems froma fundamental disagreement over how jobs are created in the first place.We are now in the third year of policies predicated on the assumption that government spending creates jobs . We have been squandered trillions of dollars of the nation 's wealth on such policies , and they have not worked so they can not work .
Goverment can not inject a single dollar into the economy if it has first taken that same dollar out of the economy .
Goverment can not put its money into the economy if it has first taken that same dollar out of the economy .
Goverment can not invest a single dollar into the economy if it has first taken that same dollar out of the economy .
Goverment can not give a single dollar into the economy if it has first taken that same dollar out of the economy .
Government agencies can not inject a single dollar into the economy if it has first taken that same dollar out of the economy .
Goverment can not inject a single dollar into the economy if it has taken that same dollar out of the economy .
True , we can see the job that is saved or created when the government puts that dollar back into the economy . That we ca n't see clearly are the jobs that are destroyed or prevented from forming because government has first taken that dollar out of the economy . We see those millions of lost jobs in a chronic unemployment rate and a stagnating economy .
True , we can see the job that is saved or created when the government puts that dollar back into the economy . That we ca n't see comprehensively are the jobs that are destroyed or prevented from forming because government has first taken that dollar out of the economy . We see those millions of lost jobs in a chronic unemployment rate and a stagnating economy .
True , we can see the job that is saved or created when the government puts that dollar back into the economy . That we ca n't see clearly are the jobs that are damaged or prevented from forming because government has first taken that dollar out of the economy . We see those millions of lost jobs in a chronic unemployment rate and a stagnating economy .
True , we can see the job that is saved or created when the government puts that dollar back into the economy . That we ca n't see clearly are the jobs that are destroyed or prevented from forming because government has first taken that dollar out of the economy . We see those millions of lost jobs in a chronic unemployment rate and stagflation .
True , we can see the job that is saved or created when the government puts that dollar back into the economy . That we ca n't see clearly are the jobs that are destroyed or prevented from forming because our government has first taken that dollar out of the economy . We see those millions of lost jobs in a chronic unemployment rate and a stagnating economy .
True , we can see the job that is created when the government puts that dollar back into the economy . That we ca n't see clearly are the jobs that are destroyed or prevented from forming because government has first taken that dollar out of the economy . We see those millions of lost jobs in a chronic unemployment rate and a stagnating economy .
Government can transfer jobs from the production sector to the government sector by taling money from one and giving it to the other .
Government can transfer jobs from the production sector to the government sector by taling money from one and spreading it to the other .
Government can sign over jobs from the production sector to the government sector by taling money from one and giving it to the other .
Government can transfer jobs from the production sector to the government sector by taling money from one and passing it to the other .
Government can also transfer jobs from the production sector to the government sector by taling money from one and giving it to the other .
Government can transfer jobs from the production sector to the government sector .
That 's the heart of the president 's plan to spend billions of dollars to hire more teachers and firefighters than police officers .
That 's the heart of the president 's decision to spend billions of dollars to hire more teachers and firefighters than police officers .
That 's the heart of the president 's intention to spend billions of dollars to hire more teachers and firefighters than police officers .
That 's the heart of the president 's plan to spend billions of dollars to hire more mentors and firefighters than police officers .
That 's the heart of the president 's plan to spend billions of dollars to hire more teachers , doctors , and firefighters than police officers .
That 's the heart of the president 's plan to spend billions of dollars to hire more teachers than police officers .
But these temporal government jobs come at a steep price : every dollr spent on sustaining one of these jobs is a dollar taken from the same capital pool that would otherwise have been available to productive businesses to invest creating permanent jobs .
But these temporal government jobs come at a steep price : every dollr spent on sustaining one of these jobs is a dollar taken from the same capital pool that would otherwise have been available to profitable businesses to invest creating permanent jobs .
But these temporal government jobs come at a steep price : every dollr spent on sustaining one of these jobs is a dollar taken from the same capital pool that would otherwise have been available to worthwhile businesses to invest creating permanent jobs .
But these temporal government jobs come at a steep price : every dollr spent on sustaining one of these jobs is a dollar taken from the same capital pool that would otherwise have been beneficial to productive businesses to invest creating permanent jobs .
But these temporal government jobs come at a very steep price : every dollr spent on sustaining one of these jobs is a dollar taken from the same capital pool that would otherwise have been available to productive businesses to invest creating permanent jobs .
But these temporal jobs come at a steep price : every dollr spent on sustaining one of these jobs is a dollar taken from the same capital pool that would otherwise have been available to productive businesses to invest creating permanent jobs .
For days , Beijing has been trapped under a blanket of yellow-brown dust that the U.S. Embassy air monitor classifies , in its hourly reading , " hazardous . "
For days , Beijing has been trapped under a blanket of yellow-brown dust that the U.S. Embassy air monitor gives an alarm , in its hourly reading , " hazardous . "
For days , Beijing has been trapped under a blanket of yellow-brown dust and haze that the U.S. Embassy air monitor classifies , in its hourly reading , " hazardous . "
For days , Beijing has been trapped under a blanket of yellow-brown dust that the U.S. Embassy air monitor classifies , in its hourly reading , " unhealthy . "
For days , Beijing has been trapped under a blanket of yellow-brown dust that the U.S. Embassy air monitor classifies , in its hourly reading , " unsafe . "
For days , Beijing has been trapped under a blanket ofdust that the U.S. Embassy air monitor classifies , in its hourly reading , " hazardous . "
Living under Beijing skdes , one has come to expect an incremental uptick in the number of officially declared " blue sky " day each year .
Living under Beijing skdes , one has come to expect an incremental uptick in the number of officially proclaimed " blue sky " day each year .
Living under Beijing skdes , one has come to expect an incremental uptick in the number of officially claimed " blue sky " day each year .
Living under Beijing skdes , one has come to foresee an incremental uptick in the number of officially declared " blue sky " day each year .
Living under Beijing skdes , one has come to eagerly expect an incremental uptick in the number of officially declared " blue sky " day each year .
Living under Beijing skdes , one has come to expect an incremental uptick in the number of " blue sky " day each year .
Nearly two years after the world failed to achieve a decisive climate change deal in Copenhagen , and we 've become used to many of what we read about the human effects of carbon emissions .
Nearly two years after the world failed to achieve a decisive climate change deal in Copenhagen , and we 've become used to many of what we read about the human effects of carbon emissions and global warming .
Nearly two years after the world failed to make a decisive climate change deal in Copenhagen , and we 've become used to many of what we read about the human effects of carbon emissions .
Nearly two years after the world was unable to achieve a decisive climate change deal in Copenhagen , and we 've become used to many of what we read about the human effects of carbon emissions .
Nearly two years after the world failed to achieve a decisive climate change deal in Copenhagen , and gradually , we 've become used to many of what we read about the human effects of carbon emissions .
Nearly two years after the world failed to achieve a climate change deal in Copenhagen , and we 've become used to many of what we read about the human effects of carbon emissions .
Orville Schell , the author and the journalist who heads the Center on U.S.-China Relations at the Asia Society , has written repeated about the need for global cooperation on climate change " As a writer , I felt that what I wrote had limited effect , " he told me recently , " so we decided to try a different approach : Let 's do it in a visual way . "
Orville Schell , the author and the journalist who heads the Center on U.S.-China Relations at the Asia Society , has written repeated about the urgency for global cooperation on climate change " As a writer , I felt that what I wrote had limited effect , " he told me recently , " so we decided to try a different approach : Let 's do it in a visual way . "
Orville Schell , the author and the journalist who heads the Center on U.S.-China Relations at the Asia Society , has written repeated about the need for global cooperation on climate change " As a writer , I felt that what I wrote had limited effect , " he told me recently , " so we decided to try an unusual approach : Let 's do it in a visual way . "
Orville Schell , the author and the journalist who heads the Center on U.S.-China Relations at the Asia Society , has written repeated about the need for global cooperation on climate change " As a writer , I felt that what I wrote had limited effect , " he told me recently , " so we decided to try a different approach : Let 's do it in a visual and practial way . "
Orville Schell , the author and the journalist who heads the Center on U.S.-China Relations at the Asia Society , has written repeated about the urgent need for global cooperation on climate change " As a writer , I felt that what I wrote had limited effect , " he told me recently , " so we decided to try a different approach : Let 's do it in a visual way . "
Orville Schell , the author and the journalist who heads the Center on U.S.-China Relations , has written repeated about the need for global cooperation on climate change " As a writer , I felt that what I wrote had limited effect , " he told me recently , " so we decided to try a different approach : Let 's do it in a visual way . "
The results are in display now at the Three Shadows Photography Art Centre in Beijing , and , with luck , it will be near you soon .
The outcomes are in display now at the Three Shadows Photography Art Centre in Beijing , and , with luck , it will be near you soon .
The results are in display now at the Three Shadows Photography Art Centre in Beijing , and , with luck , it will come soon .
The results are in display now at the Three Shadows Photography Art Centre in Beijing , and , with patience , it will be near you soon .
The results of the experiment are in display now at the Three Shadows Photography Art Centre in Beijing , and , with luck , it will be near you soon .
The results are in display now at the Three Shadows Photography Art Centre , and , with luck , it will be near you soon .
" Coal + Ice " is a documentary exhibition encompassing works by thirty photographers around the world .
" Coal + Ice " is a documentary display encompassing works by thirty photographers around the world .
" Coal + Ice " is a documentary exhibition including works by thirty photographers around the world .
" Coal + Ice " is a documentary exhibition encompassing works by many famous photographers around the world .
" Coal + Ice " is a new documentary exhibition encompassing works by thirty photographers around the world .
" Coal + Ice " is a documentary exhibition encompassing works by thirty photographers .
It seeks to doing something unprecedented : to chart the horrific grandeur of our effects on the planet , from the coal mines beneath our feet to the dwindling glaciers on our highest mountains . The images chosen by curators Jeroen de Vries and Susan Meiselas describe a spectrum that is vast in aesthetics and geography .
It seeks to doing something unprecedented : to chart the horrific grandeur of our effects on the planet , from the coal mines beneath our feet to the diminishing glaciers on our highest mountains . The images chosen by curators Jeroen de Vries and Susan Meiselas describe a spectrum that is vast in aesthetics and geography .
It tries to doing something unprecedented : to chart the horrific grandeur of our effects on the planet , from the coal mines beneath our feet to the dwindling glaciers on our highest mountains . The images chosen by curators Jeroen de Vries and Susan Meiselas describe a spectrum that is vast in aesthetics and geography .
It seeks to doing something unprecedented : to chart the horrifying grandeur of our effects on the planet , from the coal mines beneath our feet to the dwindling glaciers on our highest mountains . The images chosen by curators Jeroen de Vries and Susan Meiselas describe a spectrum that is vast in aesthetics and geography .
It just seeks to doing something unprecedented : to chart the horrific grandeur of our effects on the planet , from the coal mines beneath our feet to the dwindling glaciers on our highest mountains . The images chosen by curators Jeroen de Vries and Susan Meiselas describe a spectrum that is vast in aesthetics and geography .
It seeks to doing something unprecedented : to chart the horrific grandeur of our effects on the planet , from the coal mines beneath our feet to the dwindling glaciers on our highest mountains . The images describe a spectrum that is vast in aesthetics and geography .
Universalization of education has been a policy priority , but it still remains an unfulfilled dream . As a consequence , the spread of secondary education is quite limited and higher education is available to a small percentage of the population . The country has , therefore , progressed very well in the field of technical education both quantitatively and qualitatively .
Universalization of education has been a policy priority , but it still remains an unimplemented dream . As a consequence , the spread of secondary education is quite limited and higher education is available to a small percentage of the population . The country has , therefore , progressed very well in the field of technical education both quantitatively and qualitatively .
Universalization of education has been a policy priority , but it still remains an unfulfilled dream . As a consequence , the dissemination of secondary education is quite limited and higher education is available to a small percentage of the population . The country has , therefore , progressed very well in the field of technical education both quantitatively and qualitatively .
Universalization of education has been a policy priority , but it still remains an unfulfilled dream . As a consequence , the spread of secondary education is quite limited and higher education is available to a small percentage of the population . The country has , therefore , advanced very well in the field of technical education both quantitatively and qualitatively .
Universalization of education has been a policy priority , but it still remains an unfulfilled dream . As a consequence , the spread of secondary education is quite limited and higher education is only available to a small percentage of the population . The country has , therefore , progressed very well in the field of technical education both quantitatively and qualitatively .
Universalization of education has been a policy priority , but it still remains an unfulfilled dream . As a consequence , the spread of secondary education is quite limited . The country has , therefore , progressed very well in the field of technical education both quantitatively and qualitatively .
During recent times , India has lain great stress on modernization and technological advancement in education , and has contributed amazingly to high-skilled manpower in software and information technology .
During recent times , India has lain great stress on modernization and technological progress in education , and has contributed amazingly to high-skilled manpower in software and information technology .
During recent times , India has lain great stress on modernization and technological advancement in education , and has contributed amazingly to high-skilled labor force resources in software and information technology .
During recent times , India has lain great emphasis on modernization and technological advancement in education , and has contributed amazingly to high-skilled manpower in software and information technology .
During recent times , India has already lain great stress on modernization and technological advancement in education , and has contributed amazingly to high-skilled manpower in software and information technology .
During recent times , India has lain great stress on technological advancement in education , and has contributed amazingly to high-skilled manpower in software and information technology .
Despite our limited endeavours in other sphere of education , India manages its own affairs on its own in almost all the areas , and does not , in no way , depend on foreign expertise .
Despite our limited endeavours in other sphere of education , India manages its own affairs on its own in almost all the areas , and does not , in no way , depend on foreign expertise .
Despite our limited endeavours in other sphere of education , India manages its own affairs on its own in almost all the areas , and does not , in no way , depend on foreign expertise .
Despite our limited endeavours in other sphere of education , India manages its own affairs on its own in almost all the areas , and does not , in no way , depend on foreign expertise .
Despite our limited endeavours in other sphere of education , India manages its own public affairs on its own in almost all the areas , and does not , in no way , depend on foreign expertise .
Despite our limited endeavours in other sphere of education , India manages its own affairs on its own in almost all the areas , and does not depend on foreign expertise .
On the other hand , it provides all kinds of manpower to other countries .
On the other hand , it provides an abundant supply of free labor to other countries .
On the other hand , it provides specific type of labor to other countries .
On the other hand , it provides less manpower to other countries .
On the other hand , it provides all kinds of manpower to other developing countries .
On the other hand , it provides manpower to other countries .
In terms of policy , India had continued with the colonial education system of the British rulers till about 1968 , when the Government had announced its first National Education Policy , in which was in accordance with the requirements of the country , but there was big gap between the policy and practice due to many natural and man-made bottlenecks .
In terms of policy , India had continued with the colonial education system of the British colonists till about 1968 , when the Government had announced its first National Education Policy , in which was in accordance with the requirements of the country , but there was big gap between the policy and practice due to many natural and man-made bottlenecks .
In terms of policy , India had continued with the colonial education system of the British rulers till about 1969 , when the Government had announced its first National Education Policy , in which was in accordance with the requirements of the country , but there was big gap between the policy and practice due to many natural and man-made blockages .
In terms of policy , India had continued with the colonial education system of the British rulers till about 1968 , when the Government had announced its first National Education Policy , in which was in accordance with the requirements of the country , but there was big gap between the strategy and practice due to many natural and man-made bottlenecks .
In terms of policy , India had continued with the colonial education system of the British rulers till about 1968 , when the Government had formally announced its first National Education Policy , in which was in accordance with the requirements of the country , but there was big gap between the policy and practice due to many natural and man-made bottlenecks .
In terms of policy , India had continued with the colonial education system of the British rulers till about 1968 , when the Government had announced its first National Education Policy , in which was in accordance with the requirements of the country , but there was big gap between the policy and practice .
Another National Policy on education was announced in 1986 , which , amongst other things , emphasized qualitative improvement , essential in higher and technical education ; vocationalisation of secondary education ; development of regional languages .
Another National Policy on education was announced in 1986 , which , amongst other things , stressed qualitative improvement , essential in higher and technical education ; vocationalisation of secondary education ; development of regional languages .
Another National Policy on education was announced in 1987 , which , amongst other things , emphasized qualitative improvement , essential in higher professional education ; vocationalisation of secondary education ; development of regional languages .
Another National Policy on education was announced in 1986 , which , amongst other things , emphasized qualitative improvement , essential in higher and technical education ; vocationalisation of secondary education ; development of minority languages .
Another National Policy on education was formally announced in 1986 , which , amongst other things , emphasized qualitative improvement , essential in higher and technical education ; vocationalisation of secondary education ; development of regional languages .
Another National Policy was announced in 1986 , which , amongst other things , emphasized qualitative improvement , essential in higher and technical education ; vocationalisation of secondary education ; development of regional languages .
This policy revised in 1992 , and was in line with the earlier policy , but it far added to the inconsistencies and contradictions between the stated goals and actual policy , on the one hand , and between stated goals and resource allocation , on the other .
This policy revised in 1992 , and was in line with the earlier policy , but it far added to the inconsistencies and discrepancies between the stated goals and actual policy , on the one hand , and between stated goals and resource allocation , on the other .
This policy revised in 1993 , and was in line with the earlier policy , but it far added to the inconsistencies and disagreements between the stated goals and actual policy , on the one hand , and between stated goals and resource allocation , on the other .
This policy revised in 1992 , and was in accordance with the earlier policy , but it far added to the inconsistencies and contradictions between the stated goals and actual policy , on the one hand , and between stated goals and resource allocation , on the other .
This policy first revised in 1992 , and was in line with the earlier policy , but it far added to the inconsistencies and contradictions between the stated goals and actual policy , on the one hand , and between stated goals and resource allocation , on the other .
This policy revised in 1992 , and was in line with the earlier policy , but it far added to the contradictions between the stated goals and actual policy , on the one hand , and between stated goals and resource allocation , on the other .
Despite all of the advances in medicine , healthcare providers have never been on the cutting edge of new business and marketing practices . The industry is risk adverse and is more likely to be a late adopter . It 's not surprising then that a new report in which lists the top social media industries ranks hospitals and healthcare clinics in the bottom 10 , joining by automobile parts stores and lumber and wood production .
Despite all of the advances in medicine , healthcare providers have never been on the cutting edge of new business and marketing practices . The industry is risk adverse and is more likely to be a late adopter . It 's unsurprising then that a new report in which lists the top social media industries ranks hospitals and healthcare clinics in the bottom 10 , joining by automobile parts stores and lumber and wood production .
Despite all of the advances in medicine , healthcare providers have never been on the cutting edge of new business and marketing practices . The industry is risk adverse and is unlikely to be an early adopter . It 's not surprising then that a new report in which lists the top social media industries ranks hospitals and healthcare clinics in the bottom 11 , joining by automobile parts stores and lumber and wood production .
Despite all of the advances in medicine , healthcare providers have never been on the cutting edge of new business and marketing practices . The industry is risk adverse and is more likely to be a late adopter . It 's not surprising then that a new report in which lists the top social media industries ranks hospitals and healthcare clinics in the bottom 10 , joining by automobile parts stores and timber production .
Despite all of the advances in medicine , healthcare providers have never been on the cutting edge of new business and marketing practices . The industry is risk adverse and is more likely to be a late adopter . It 's not surprising then that a new medical report in which lists the top social media industries ranks hospitals and healthcare clinics in the bottom 10 , joining by automobile parts stores and lumber and wood production .
Despite all of the advances in medicine , healthcare providers have never been on the cutting edge of new business . The industry is risk adverse and is more likely to be a late adopter . It 's not surprising then that a new report in which lists the top social media industries ranks hospitals and healthcare clinics in the bottom 10 , joining by automobile parts stores and lumber and wood production .
But healthcare on a whole is not completely behind in the recent report .
But healthcare on a whole is not fully behind in the recent report .
But healthcare on a whole is not totally behind in the recent report .
But healthcare on a whole is not utterly behind in the recent report .
But healthcare on a whole is not completely behind in the recent medical report .
But healthcare on a whole is completely behind in the recent report .
Biotechnology and phamaceuticals tied for 29th place out of 50 most social industries .
Biotechnology and phamaceuticals tied for 29th rankings out of 50 most social industries .
Biotechnology and phamaceuticals tied for 29th place out of 51 widely social industries .
Biotechnology and phamaceuticals tied for 29th place out of 50 most social businesses .
Biotechnology and phamaceuticals , however , tied for 29th place out of 50 most social industries .
Biotechnology tied for 29th place out of 50 most social industries .
The report looked at " social presence , " the number of employees registered with social media profles on Twitter , LinkedIn or Facebook using a corporate email address ; and " social connectedness , " the number of connections across social networks . Given this scoring method , it 's understanding why hospitals would rank low .
The report looked at " social presence , " the number of employees registered with social media profles on Twitter , LinkedIn or Facebook using a corporate email address ; and " social unification , " the number of connections across social networks . Given this scoring method , it 's understanding why hospitals would rank low .
The report looked at " social presence , " the number of employees registered with social media profles on Twitter , LinkedIn or Facebook using a corporate email address ; and " social connectedness , " the number of connections across social networks . Given this scoring standard , it 's understanding why hospitals would rank low .
The report looked at " social presence , " the number of employees logged in with social media profles on Twitter , LinkedIn or Facebook using a corporate email address ; and " social connectedness , " the number of connections across social networks . Given this scoring method , it 's understanding why hospitals would rank low .
The report still looked at " social presence , " the number of employees registered with social media profles on Twitter , LinkedIn or Facebook using a corporate email address ; and " social connectedness , " the number of connections across social networks . Given this scoring method , it 's understanding why hospitals would rank low .
The report looked at " social presence , " the number of employees registered with social media profles on Twitter or Facebook using a corporate email address ; and " social connectedness , " the number of connections across social networks . Given this scoring method , it 's understanding why hospitals would rank low .
Hospitals and other providers have not encouraged employees to represent it on social media platforms or actively participated in social media .
Hospitals and other providers have not encouraged employees to represent it on social media platforms or enthusiastically participated in social media .
Hospitals and other providers have not motivated employees to represent it on social media platforms or actively participated in social media .
Hospitals and other providers have not encouraged employees to on behalf of it on social media platforms or actively participated in social media .
Hospitals and other providers have not greatly encouraged employees to represent it on social media platforms or actively participated in social media .
Hospitals have not encouraged employees to represent it on social media platforms or actively participated in social media .
But this does n't mean the industry has not adopted social media . In fact , hospitals have made greater strides in using social media to connect with patients and consumers .
But this does n't mean the industry has not adopted social media . In fact , hospitals have made greater advances in using social media to connect with patients and consumers .
But this does n't mean the industry has not adopted social media . In fact , hospitals have made greater strides in using social media to join with patients and consumers .
But this does n't mean the industry has not adopted social media . In fact , hospitals have made greater progress in using social media to connect with patients and consumers .
But this does n't mean the medical industry has not adopted social media . In fact , hospitals have made greater strides in using social media to connect with patients and consumers .
But this does n't mean the industry has not adopted social media . In fact , hospitals have made greater strides in using social media to connect with consumers .
Healthcare may still be in catch-up mode compared to other more social industries , but advances being made by health systems and physician groups are insignificant .
Healthcare may still be in catch-up mode compared to other more social industries , but advances being made by health systems and medical practitioners are insignificant .
Healthcare may still be in catch-up mode compared to other more social industries , but tremendous advances being made by health systems and physician groups are insignificant .
Healthcare may still be in catch-up mode compared to other more social industries , but strides being made by health systems and physician groups are insignificant .
Healthcare may still be in catch-up mode next year , compared to other more social industries , but advances being made by health systems and physician groups are insignificant .
Healthcare may still be in catch-up mode compared to other more social industries , but advances being made by health systems are insignificant .
When healthcare moves beyond talking and , instead , uses social media to engage with patients , employees and consumers , the impact on people 's lives will be phenomenal and , possibly , life-saving .
When healthcare moves beyond talking and , instead , uses social media to engage with patients , employees and consumers , the effect on people 's lives will be phenomenal and , possibly , life-saving .
When healthcare moves beyond talking and , instead , uses social media to engage with patients , employees and purchasers , the impact on people 's lives will be phenomenal and , possibly , life-saving .
When healthcare moves beyond talking and , instead , uses social media to engage with patients , operators and consumers , the impact on people 's lives will be phenomenal and , possibly , life-saving .
When healthcare moves beyond talking and , instead , uses social media to directly engage with patients , employees and consumers , the impact on people 's lives will be phenomenal and , possibly , life-saving .
When healthcare moves beyond talking and , instead , uses social media to engage with employees and consumers , the impact on people 's lives will be phenomenal and , possibly , life-saving .
People tend to struggle when leanring another language , especially if they are exposed only it while attending classes .
People are inclined to struggle when leanring another language , especially if they are exposed only it while attending classes .
People tend to struggle when acquiring the knowledge of another language , especially if they are exposed only it while attending classes .
People tend to struggle when leanring English , especially if they are exposed only it while attending classes .
People tend to struggle when leanring another language , especially if they are exposed only it while attending language classes .
People tend to struggle when leanring another language , especially if they are exposed it while attending classes .
You must study a language for at least an hour or two each day if you really want to achieve proficiency . Some people can not realistically achieve these goals in a formal language classroom if they have busy schedules to work . Educational language software for computer-based learning is very useful in such cases .
You must study a language for at least an hour or two each day if you really want to achieve proficiency . Some people are unable to realistically achieve these goals in a formal language classroom if they have busy schedules to work . Educational language software for computer-based learning is very useful in such cases .
You must study a language for at least an hour or two each day if you really want to achieve proficiency . Some people can not realistically achieve these goals in the traditional language classroom if they have busy schedules to work . Educational language software for computer-based learning is very useful in such cases .
You must study a language for at least an hour or two each day if you really want to achieve proficiency . Some people can not realistically achieve these goals in a formal language classroom if they have busy schedules to work . Educational language software for computer-based learning is very useful and helpful in such cases .
You must study a second language for at least an hour or two each day if you really want to achieve proficiency . Some people can not realistically achieve these goals in a formal language classroom if they have busy schedules to work . Educational language software for computer-based learning is very useful in such cases .
You must study a language for at least an hour each day if you really want to achieve proficiency . Some people can not realistically achieve these goals in a formal language classroom if they have busy schedules to work . Educational language software for computer-based learning is very useful in such cases .
Computer software programs can help developing reading comprehension in a foreign language .
Computer software programs can help developing listening comprehension in a foreign language .
Computer software programs can help developing reading apprehension in a foreign language .
Computer software programs can help developing learning comprehension in a foreign language .
Computer software programs can help developing reading and listening comprehension in a foreign language .
Computer software programs can help developing reading comprehension .
Most language programs provide reading exercises and quizzes of test comprehension .
Most language programs provide reading exercises and queries of test comprehension .
Most language programs provide listening exercises and quizzes of test comprehension .
Most language programs provide writing exercises and quizzes of test comprehension .
Most language programs often provide reading exercises and quizzes of test comprehension .
Most language programs provide quizzes of test comprehension .
Programs teach you how to read basic vocabulary words first , and followed by more advanced phrases .
Programs teach you how to read and memorize basic vocabulary words first , and followed by more advanced phrases .
Programs teach you how to read simple vocabulary words first , and followed by more advanced phrases .
Programs teach you how to read basic vocabulary words in thin the first few months , and followed by more advanced phrases .
Programs teach you how to read basic vocabulary words first , and followed by more advanced phrases and clauses .
Programs teach you how to read words first , and followed by more advanced phrases .
If you are ready , computer applications allow you to read sentences and paragraphs and then test your comprehension of the content .
If you are ready , computer applications allow you to read sentences and paragraphs and then check your comprehension of the content .
If you are ready , computer applications allow you to read clauses and paragraphs and then test your comprehension of the content .
If you are ready , computer applications allow you to understand sentences and paragraphs and then test your comprehension of the content .
If you are ready , computer applications allow you to read sentences and paragraphs and then exame your comprehension of the content .
If you are ready , computer applications allow you to read sentences and paragraphs and test your comprehension of the content .
As formal classroom exams revised over the course of an entire week , computer software provides immediate correction of reading comprehension errors . This reinforces retention of the subjects covered in a lesson unit .
As formal classroom exams revised over the course of an entire week , computer software provides immediate correction of reading comprehension errors . This bolsters retention of the subjects covered in a lesson unit .
As formal classroom exams corrected over the course of an entire week , computer software provides immediate correction of reading comprehension errors . This reinforces retention of the subjects covered in a lesson unit .
As formal classroom exams revised over the course of an entire week , computer software provides immediate correction of reading comprehension errors . This reinforces retention of the subjects included in a lesson unit .
As formal classroom exams revised over the course of an whole week , computer software provides immediate correction of reading comprehension errors . This reinforces retention of the subjects covered in a lesson unit .
As formal classroom exams revised over the course of an week , computer software provides immediate correction of reading comprehension errors . This reinforces retention of the subjects covered in a lesson unit .
Learning how to write with a language learning program on a computer is fair easy .
Learning how to write with a language learning program with the help of computer is fair easy .
Learning how to write with an AI language learning program on a computer is fair easy .
Learning how to write with a language learning program on a computer is fair easy and efficient .
Learning how to write and pronounce words with a language learning program on a computer is fair easy .
Learning how to write with a language learning program on a computer is fair easy and meaningful .
Typing applications help students take what they have learned from reading lessons and practice writing on their own . While a computer-based student will miss out on the benefit of having a teacher review his writing and provide feedback , many computer programs automatically correct and revise the writing exercises for the student can see where mistakes were made . Language software discourages bad writing habits by correcting errors immediately .
Typing applications help students take what they have learned from reading lessons and practice writing on their own . While a computer-based student will miss out on the benefit of having a teacher examine his writing and provide feedback , many computer programs automatically correct and revise the writing exercises for the student can see where mistakes were made . Language software discourages bad writing habits by correcting errors immediately .
Typing applications help students take what they have learned from reading lessons and practice writing on their own . While a computer-based student will miss out on the benefit of having a teacher review his writing and provide feedback , many computer programs automatically correct and revise the writing exercises for the student can realize where mistakes were made . Language software discourages bad writing habits by correcting errors immediately .
Typing applications help students take what they have learned from reading lessons and practice writing on their own . While a computer-based student will miss out on the benefit of having a teacher review his writing and provide feedback , many computer programs automatically correct and revise the writing exercises for the student can see where mistakes were made . Language software inhibits bad writing habits by correcting errors immediately .
Typing applications help students take what they have learned from reading lessons and practice writing by themselves . While a computer-based student will miss out on the benefit of having a teacher review his writing and provide feedback , many computer programs automatically correct and revise the writing exercises for the student can see where mistakes were made . Language software discourages bad writing habits by correcting errors immediately .
Typing applications help students take what they have learned from lessons and practice writing on their own . While a computer-based student will miss out on the benefit of having a teacher review his writing and provide feedback , many computer programs automatically correct and revise the writing exercises for the student can see where mistakes were made . Language software discourages bad writing habits by correcting errors immediately .
" Art does not solve problems , but makes us aware of their existence , " sculptor Magdalena Abakanowicz has said . Arts education , on the other hand , does not solve problems .
" Art does not solve problems , but makes us realize their existence , " sculptor Magdalena Abakanowicz has said . Arts education , on the other hand , does not solve problems .
" Art does not solve problems , but makes us recognize their existence , " sculptor Magdalena Abakanowicz has said . Arts education , on the other hand , does not solve problems .
" Art does not solve problems , but makes us perceive their existence , " sculptor Magdalena Abakanowicz has said . Arts education , on the other hand , does not solve problems .
" Art does not solve problems , but makes us aware of their existence , " sculptor Magdalena Abakanowicz has said . Arts education , on the other hand , does not move the needle .
" Art does not address issues , but makes us aware of their existence , " sculptor Magdalena Abakanowicz has said . Arts education , on the other hand , does not solve problems .
Years of research shows that it 's closely linked to almost anything that we as a nation say we want for our children and demand to our schools : academic achievement , social and emotional development , civic engagement , and equitable opportunity .
Years of research shows that it 's closely linked to almost anything that we as a nation say we aspire for our children and demand to our schools : academic achievement , social and emotional development , civic engagement , and equitable opportunity .
Years of research shows that it 's deeply linked to almost anything that we as a nation say we want for our children and demand to our schools : academic achievement , social and emotional development , civic engagement , and equitable opportunity .
Years of research shows that it 's closely linked to almost anything that we as a nation say we covet for our children and demand to our schools : academic achievement , social and emotional development , civic engagement , and equitable opportunity .
Years of research shows that it 's closely linked to almost anything that we as a nation say we crave for our children and demand to our schools : academic achievement , social and emotional development , civic engagement , and equitable opportunity .
Years of research shows that it 's closely linked to almost anything that we as a nation say we eager for our children and demand to our schools : academic achievement , social and emotional development , civic engagement , and equitable opportunity .
Involvement in the arts is associated with gains in math , reading , cognitive ability , critical thinking , and verbal skill . Arts learning can also improve motivation , concentration , confidence , and teamwork . A report by the Rand Corporation about the visual arts argue that the intrinsic pleasures and stimulation of the art experience have more than sweeten an individual 's life-according to the report , they " can connect people more deeply to the world and open them in new ways of seeing , " creating the foundation to forge social bonds and community cohesion .
Involvement in the arts is associated with gains in math , reading , cognitive ability , critical thinking , and verbal skill . Arts learning can also boost motivation , concentration , confidence , and teamwork . A report by the Rand Corporation about the visual arts argue that the intrinsic pleasures and stimulation of the art experience have more than sweeten an individual 's life-according to the report , they " can connect people more deeply to the world and open them in new ways of seeing , " creating the foundation to forge social bonds and community cohesion .
Involvement in the arts is associated with gains in math , reading , cognitive ability , critical thinking , and verbal skill . Arts learning can also improve motivation , concentration , confidence , and teamwork . A report by the Rand Corporation about the visual arts argue that the intrinsic pleasures and stimulation of the art experience have more than sweeten an individual 's life-according to the report , they " can connect people more closely to the world and open them in new ways of seeing , " creating the foundation to forge social bonds and community cohesion .
Involvement in the arts is associated with gains in math , reading , cognitive ability , critical thinking , and verbal skill . Arts learning can also improve motivation , concentration , confidence , and teamwork . A report by the Rand Corporation about the visual arts argue that the intrinsic pleasures and stimulation of the art experience have more than sweeten an individual 's life-according to the report , they " can connect people more deeply to the world and open them in new ways of seeing , " creating the foundation to create social bonds and community cohesion .
Involvement in the arts is associated with gains in math , reading , cognitive ability , critical thinking , and verbal skill . Arts learning can also enhance motivation , concentration , confidence , and teamwork . A report by the Rand Corporation about the visual arts argue that the intrinsic pleasures and stimulation of the art experience have more than sweeten an individual 's life-according to the report , they " can connect people more deeply to the world and open them in new ways of seeing , " creating the foundation to forge social bonds and community cohesion .
Involvement in the arts is associated with gains in math , reading , cognitive ability , critical thinking , and verbal skill . Arts learning can improve motivation , concentration , confidence , and teamwork . A report by the Rand Corporation about the visual arts argue that the intrinsic pleasures and stimulation of the art experience have more than sweeten an individual 's life-according to the report , they " can connect people more deeply to the world and open them in new ways of seeing , " creating the foundation to forge social bonds and community cohesion .
And strong arts programming in schools helps close a gap that has left many child behind : From Mozart for babies to tutus for toddlers to family trips to the museum , the children of affluent , aspired parents generally get exposed to the arts whether or not public schools provide it .
And strong arts programming in schools helps close a gap that has left many child behind : From Mozart for babies to tutus for toddlers to family trips to the museum , the children of well-educated , aspired parents generally get exposed to the arts whether or not public schools provide it .
And high-quality arts programming in schools helps close a gap that has left many child behind : From Mozart for babies to tutus for toddlers to family trips to the museum , the children of affluent , aspired parents generally get exposed to the arts whether or not public schools provide it .
And strong arts programming in schools helps close a gap that has left many child behind : From Mozart for babies to tutus for toddlers to family trips to the art gallery , the children of affluent , aspired parents generally get exposed to the arts whether or not public schools provide it .
And strong arts programming in schools helps close a gap that has left many child behind : From Mozart for babies to tutus for toddlers to family trips to the museum , the children of wealthy , aspired parents generally get exposed to the arts whether or not public schools provide it .
And first-rate arts programming in schools helps close a gap that has left many child behind : From Mozart for babies to tutus for toddlers to family trips to the museum , the children of affluent , aspired parents generally get exposed to the arts whether or not public schools provide it .
Low-income children , often , do not . " Arts education enables those children from a financilly challenged background to have a more level playing field with children who have had those enrichment experience , " says Eric Cooper , president and founder of the National Urban Alliance for Effective Education .
Destitute children , often , do not . " Arts education enables those children from a financilly challenged background to have a more level playing field with children who have had those enrichment experience , " says Eric Cooper , president and founder of the National Urban Alliance for Effective Education .
Impoverished children , often , do not . " Arts education enables those children from a financilly challenged background to have a more level playing field with children who have had those enrichment experience , " says Eric Cooper , president and founder of the National Urban Alliance for Effective Education .
Indigent children , often , do not . " Arts education enables those children from a financilly challenged background to have a more level playing field with children who have had those enrichment experience , " says Eric Cooper , president and founder of the National Urban Alliance for Effective Education .
Low-income children , often , do not . " Arts education enables those children from a financilly challenged background to have a more level playing field with children who have had those improvement experience , " says Eric Cooper , president and founder of the National Urban Alliance for Effective Education .
Low-income children , often , do not . " Arts education enables those children from a financilly challenged background to have a more level playing field with children who have had those progress experience , " says Eric Cooper , president and founder of the National Urban Alliance for Effective Education .
While many nations have aging populations , Japan 's demographic crisis is truly dire , with forecasts showing that 40 percent of the population will have been 65 and over in 2055 .
While many nations have aging populations , Japan 's demographic pressure is truly dire , with forecasts showing that 40 percent of the population will have been 65 and over in 2055 .
While many nations have aging populations , Japan 's demographic disaster is truly dire , with forecasts showing that 40 percent of the population will have been 65 and over in 2056 .
While many nations have aging populations , Japan 's demographic impasse is truly dire , with forecasts showing that 40 percent of the population will have been 65 and over in 2055 .
While many nations have aging populations , Japan 's demographic crisis is truly dire , with forecasts showing that 40 percent of the population will have been 65 and over in 2055 .
While many nations have aging populations , Japan 's demographic crisis is dire , with forecasts showing that 40 percent of the population will have been 65 and over in 2055 .
Some of the consequences have been long foreseen , like deflation : as more Japanese retire and live off their savings , they spend more , further depressing Japan 's anemic levels of domestic consumption .
Some of the consequences have been long anticipated , like deflation : as more Japanese retire and live off their savings , they spend more , further depressing Japan 's anemic levels of domestic consumption .
Some of the consequences have been long foreseen , like deflation : as more Japanese retire and live off their savings , they spend more , further damaging Japan 's anemic levels of domestic consumption .
Some of the consequences have been long foreseen , like deflation : as more Japanese retire and live off their earnings , they spend more , further depressing Japan 's anemic levels of domestic consumption .
Some of the consequences have been long foreseen , like deflation : as more Japanese retire and live off their savings , they spend more , further daunting Japan 's anemic levels of domestic consumption .
Some of the consequences have been long forecasted , like deflation : as more Japanese retire and live off their savings , they spend more , further depressing Japan 's anemic levels of domestic consumption .
Psycholinguists study understanding , production , and membering language , and hence are concerned with listening , reading , speaking , writing , and memory for language .
Psycholinguists study understanding , production , and membering language , and hence are concerned with producing and comprehending communication .
Psycholinguists concentrate on understanding , production , and membering language , and hence are concerned with listening , reading , speaking , writing , and memory for language .
Psycholinguists study understanding , production , and membering language , and hence are connected with listening , reading , speaking , writing , and memory for language .
Psycholinguists study understanding , production , and membering language , and hence are associated with listening , reading , speaking , writing , and memory for language .
Psycholinguists study understanding , production , and membering language , and concerned with listening , reading , speaking , writing , and memory for language .
One reason why we take the language for granted is that it usually happens so effortlessly , and , most of time , so accurately .
One reason why we take the language for granted is that it usually happens so effortlessly , and , most of time , so accurately and practically .
One reason why humans take the language for granted is that it usually happens so effortlessly , and , most of time , so accurately .
One reason why we take the language for granted is that it usually happens so effortlessly and timely , and , most of time , so accurately .
One reason why we take the language for granted is that it often happens so effortlessly , and , most of time , so accurately .
One reason why we take the language for granted is that it usually happens effortlessly , and , most of time , so accurately .
Indeed , when you listen to someone speaking , or looking at this page , you normally can not help but understand it .
Indeed , when you listen to someone saying , or looking at this page , you normally can not help but understand it .
Indeed , when you listen to someone speaking , or looking at this book , you normally can not help but understand it .
Indeed , when you listen to someone speaking , or looking at this page , you normally can easily understand it .
Indeed , when you listen to someone speaking , or looking at this page , you normally can not help but understand and retell it .
Indeed , when you listen to someone speaking , or looking at this page , you commonly can not help but understand it .
It is only in exceptional circumstances we might become aware of the complexity involved : if we are searching for a word but can not remember it ; if a relative or colleague has had a stroke which has influenced their language ; if we observe a child acquire language ; if we try to learn a second language ourselves as an adult ; or if we are visually impaired or hearing-impaired or if we meet anyone else who is .
It is only in extraordinary circumstances we might become aware of the complexity involved : if we are searching for a word but can not remember it ; if a relative or colleague has had a stroke which has influenced their language ; if we observe a child acquire language ; if we try to learn a second language ourselves as an adult ; or if we are visually impaired or hearing-impaired or if we meet anyone else who is .
It is only in exceptional circumstances we might become aware of the complication involved : if we are searching for a word but can not remember it ; if a relative or colleague has had a stroke which has influenced their language ; if we observe a child acquire language ; if we try to learn a second language ourselves as an adult ; or if we are visually impaired or hearing-impaired or if we meet anyone else who is .
It is only in exceptional circumstances we might become aware of the complexity involved : if we are searching for a word but can not remember it ; if a relative or colleague has had a stroke which has influenced their language ; if we observe a child acquire language ; if we try to learn a second language ourselves as an adult ; or if we are visually damaged or hearing-impaired or if we meet anyone else who is .
It is only in exceptional circumstances we might become aware of the complexity involved : if we are searching for a word but can not remember it ; if a relative or colleague has had a stroke which has influenced their language ; if we witness a child acquire language ; if we try to learn a second language ourselves as an adult ; or if we are visually impaired or hearing-impaired or if we meet anyone else who is .
It is only in uncommon circumstances we might become aware of the complexity involved : if we are searching for a word but can not remember it ; if a relative or colleague has had a stroke which has influenced their language ; if we observe a child acquire language ; if we try to learn a second language ourselves as an adult ; or if we are visually impaired or hearing-impaired or if we meet anyone else who is .
As we shall see , all these examples of what might be called " language in exceptional circumstances " reveal a great deal about the processes evolved in speaking , listening , writing , and reading .
As we shall see , all these examples of what might be called " language in noteworthy circumstances " reveal a great deal about the processes evolved in speaking , listening , writing , and reading .
As we shall see , all these examples of what might be called " language in phenomenal circumstances " reveal a great deal about the processes evolved in speaking , listening , writing , and reading .
As we shall see , all these examples of what might be called " language in exceptional circumstances " expose a great deal about the processes evolved in speaking , listening , writing , and reading .
As we shall see , all these examples of what might be called " language in exceptional circumstances " disclose a great deal about the processes evolved in speaking , listening , writing , and reading .
As we shall know , all these examples of what might be called " language in exceptional circumstances " reveal a great deal about the processes evolved in speaking , listening , writing , and reading .
But given that language processes were normally so automatic , we also need to carry out careful experiments to get at what is happening .
But given that language processes were normally so instinctive , we also need to carry out careful experiments to get at what is happening .
But given that language processes were normally so unconscious , we also need to carry out careful experiments to get at what is happening .
But given that language processes were normally so automatic , we also need to carry out prudent experiments to get at what is happening .
But given that language processes were usually so automatic , we also need to carry out careful experiments to get at what is happening .
But given that language processes were normally so automatic , we also need to carry out attentive experiments to get at what is happening .
The argument has been going since at least the first century B.C . Up to the beginning of the 19th century , many writers favored certain kind of " free " translation : the spirit , not the letter ; the sense not the word ; the message rather the form ; the matter not the manner .
The debate has been going since at least the first century B.C . Up to the beginning of the 19th century , many writers favored certain kind of " free " translation : the spirit , not the letter ; the sense not the word ; the message rather the form ; the matter not the manner .
The controversy has been going since at least the first century B.C . Up to the beginning of the 19th century , many writers favored certain kind of " free " translation : the spirit , not the letter ; the sense not the word ; the message rather the form ; the matter not the manner .
The argument has been going since at least the first century B.C . Up to the beginning of the 20th century , many writers preferred certain kind of " free " translation : the spirit , not the letter ; the sense not the word ; the message rather the form ; the matter not the manner .
The argument has been sustaining since at least the first century B.C . Up to the beginning of the 19th century , many writers favored certain kind of " free " translation : the spirit , not the letter ; the sense not the word ; the message rather the form ; the matter not the manner .
The argument has been going since at least the first century B.C . Up to the start of the 19th century , many writers favored certain kind of " free " translation : the spirit , not the letter ; the sense not the word ; the message rather the form ; the matter not the manner .
This is the often revolutionary slogan of writers who wanted the truth to be read and understood .
This is the often subversive slogan of writers who wanted the truth to be read and understood .
This is the often revolutionary slogan of writers who expected the truth to be read and understood .
This is the often revolutionary slogan of writers who aspired the truth to be read and understood .
This is the often revolutionary slogan of writers who wanted the truth to be read and discerned .
This is the often revolutionary slogan of writers who wanted the truth to be exposed and understood .
Then in the turn of 19th century , when the study of cultural anthropology suggested that the linguistic barriers were insuperable and that the language was entirely the product of culture , the view translation was impossible gained some currency , and with it that , if was attempted at all , it must be as literal as possible .
Then in the turn of 19th century , when the study of cultural anthropology suggested that the linguistic barriers were insuperable and that the language was entirely the product of culture , the view translation was hopeless gained some currency , and with it that , if was attempted at all , it must be as literal as possible .
Then in the turn of 20th century , when the study of cultural anthropology suggested that the linguistic barriers were insuperable and that the language was entirely the product of culture , the view translation was unattainable gained some currency , and with it that , if was attempted at all , it must be as literal as possible .
Then in the turn of 19th century , when the study of cultural anthropology suggested that the linguistic barriers were insuperable and that the language was entirely the product of culture , the view translation was impossible gained some currency , and with it that , if was struggled at all , it must be as literal as possible .
Then in the turn of 19th century , when the study of cultural anthropology suggested that the linguistic obstacles were insuperable and that the language was entirely the product of culture , the view translation was impossible gained some currency , and with it that , if was attempted at all , it must be as literal as possible .
Then in the turn of 19th century , when the study of cultural anthropology suggested that the linguistic barriers were insuperable and that the language was the product of culture , the view translation was impossible gained some currency , and with it that , if was attempted at all , it must be as literal as possible .
This view culminated the statement of the extreme literalists " Walter Benjamin and Vladimir Nobokov .
This opinion culminated the statement of the extreme literalists " Walter Benjamin and Vladimir Nobokov .
This view culminated the declaration of the extreme literalists " Walter Benjamin and Vladimir Nobokov .
This view culminated the statement of the extreme dogmatists " Walter Benjamin and Vladimir Nobokov .
This view peaked the statement of the extreme literalists " Walter Benjamin and Vladimir Nobokov .
This view culminated the statement of the ultra literalists " Walter Benjamin and Vladimir Nobokov .
From a very early age , perhaps the age of five or six , I knew that when I grew I should be a writer .
From a very early age , perhaps the age of five or six , I perceived that when I grew I should be a writer .
From a very early age , perhaps the age of five or six , I knew that when I grew I should be a correspondent .
From a very early age , perhaps the age of five or six , I knew that when I grew I should be a freelancer .
From a very early age , maybe the age of five or six , I knew that when I grew I should be a writer .
From a very early age , perhaps the age of five or six , I understood that when I grew I should be a writer .
Between the ages of about seventeen and twenty four I tried to abandon his idea , but I did so with the conscience that I wasoutraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books .
Between the ages of about seventeen and twenty four I struggled to abandon his idea , but I did so with the conscience that I wasoutraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books .
Between the ages of about seventeen and twenty four I tried to abandon his idea , but I did so with the conscience that I wasoutraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write fictions .
Between the ages of about seventeen and twenty four I tried to abandon his idea , but I did so with the conscience that I wasoutraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write an autobiography .
Between the ages of about seventeen and twenty four I tried to give up his idea , but I did so with the conscience that I wasoutraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books .
Between the ages of about seventeen and twenty four I tried to forsake his idea , but I did so with the conscience that I wasoutraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books .
I was the child of three , but there was a gap of five years on the either side , and I barely saw my father before I was eight .
I was the child of three , but there was a gap of five years on the either side , and I barely met my father before I was eight .
I was the kid of three , but there was a gap of five years on the either side , and I barely saw my father before I was eight .
I was the child of three , but there was a blank space of five years on the either side , and I barely saw my father before I was eight .
I was the child of three , but there was a gap of five years on the either side , and I barely saw my parents before I was eight .
I was the child of three , but there was a gap of five years on the either side , and I hardly saw my father before I was eight .
For this and other reasons I was somewhat lonely , and I soon developed disagreeing mannerisms which made me unpopular throughout my schooldays .
For this and other reasons I was somewhat lonely , and I instantly developed disagreeing mannerisms which made me unpopular throughout my schooldays .
For this and other reasons I was somewhat alone , and I soon developed disagreeing mannerisms which made me unpopular throughout my schooldays .
For this and other reasons I was somewhat lonely , and I soon developed disagreeing and irritating mannerisms which made me unpopular throughout my schooldays .
For this and other reasons I was somewhat lonely , and I suddenly developed disagreeing mannerisms which made me unpopular throughout my schooldays .
For this and other reasons I was somewhat lonely , and I soon developed disagreeing mannerisms which made me unpopular in my entire schooldays .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons , and I think from the very start my literal ambitions were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons , and I think from the very start my literal objectives were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons , and I think from the very start my literal ambitions muddled with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons , and I think from the very start my literal ambitions were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and despised .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons , and I think from the very start my literal ambitions were mixed up with the feeling of being unpopular and undervalued .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons , and I think from the very start my literal ambitions were mixed up with the feeling of being lonely and undervalued .
I knew that I had a facility with words and a power of facing in unpleasant facts , and I felt that this created a sort of private world which I could get my own back for my failure in everyday life .
I knew that I had a facility with words and a power of facing in uncomfortable facts , and I felt that this created a sort of private world which I could get my own back for my failure in everyday life .
I knew that I had a facility with words and a power of facing in unpleasant facts , and I realized that this created a sort of private world which I could get my own back for my failure in everyday life .
I knew that I had a facility with words and a power of facing in unpleasant facts , and I felt that this created a sort of private world which I could get back on my feet .
I knew that I had a facility with words and a power of facing in unsatisfied facts , and I felt that this created a sort of private world which I could get my own back for my failure in everyday life .
I knew that I had a facility with words and a power of facing in unpleasant facts , and I felt that this created a sort of private world which I could get my own back for my failure in routine .
Therefore , the volume of seriousi.e . seriously intendedwriting which I produced all through my childhood and boyhood would not amount to half a dozen pages .
Therefore , the volume of seriousi.e . seriously intendedwriting which I wrote all through my childhood and boyhood would not amount to half a dozen pages .
Therefore , the volume of seriousi.e . seriously intendedwriting which I conceived all through my childhood and boyhood would not amount to half a dozen pages .
Therefore , the volume of seriousi.e . seriously intendedwriting which I invented all through my childhood and boyhood would not amount to half a dozen pages .
Therefore , the volume of seriousi.e . seriously intendedwriting which I initiated all through my childhood and boyhood would not amount to half a dozen pages .
Therefore , the quantity of seriousi.e . seriously intendedwriting which I produced all through my childhood and boyhood would not amount to half a dozen pages .
So far as we can tell , all human languages are equally complete and perfect as instruments of communication : that is , every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
So far as we can tell , all human languages are equally complete and impeccable as instruments of communication : that is , every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
So far as we can tell , all human languages are equally intricate and perfect as instruments of communication : that is , every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
So far as we can tell , all human languages are equally sophisticated and perfect as instruments of communication : that is , every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
As we all know, all human languages are equally complete and perfect as instruments of communication : that is , every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
So far as we can tell , all human languages are equally complete and awsome as instruments of communication : that is , every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
There may or may not be appropriate to talk about primitive peoples or cultures , but that is another matter .
There may or may not be appropriate to talk about primitive peoples or civilization , but that is another matter .
There may or may not be appropriate to discuss primitive peoples or cultures , but that is another matter .
There may or may not be appropriate to talk about primitive races or cultures , but that is another matter .
There may or may not be fit to talk about primitive peoples or cultures , but that is another matter .
There may or may not be suitable to talk about primitive peoples or cultures , but that is another matter .
Whereas this is not the fault of their language .
Whereas this is the biggest problem of their language .
Whereas this is not the defect of their language .
Whereas this is not the fault caused by their language .
Whereas this is not the issue of their language .
Whereas this is not the weakness of their language .
The Eskimos , it is said , can speak about snow with further more precision and subtlety than we can in English , but this is not because the Eskimo language one of those sometimes miscalled 'primitive'is inherently more precise and subtle than English .
The Eskimos , it is said , can speak about snow with further more precision and subtlety than those of in English , but this is not because the Eskimo language one of those sometimes miscalled 'primitive'is inherently more precise and subtle than English .
The Eskimos , it is said , can pronounce differents words about snow with further more precision and subtlety than we can in English , but this is not because the Eskimo language one of those sometimes miscalled 'primitive'is inherently more precise and subtle than English .
The Eskimos , it is said , can speak about snow with further more precision and subtlety than we can in English , but this is not because the Eskimo language one of those sometimes miscalled 'primitive'is intrinsically more precise and subtle than English .
The Eskimos , it is said , is able to about snow with further more precision and subtlety than we can in English , but this is not because the Eskimo language one of those sometimes miscalled 'primitive'is inherently more precise and subtle than English .
The Eskimos , it is said , can speak about snow with further more precision and subtlety than we can in English , but this is not because the Eskimo language one of those sometimes miscalled 'primitive'is inherently more correct and subtle than English .
This example does not come to light a defect in English , a show of unexpected 'primitiveness ' .
This example does not come to light a defect in English , a show of unpredicted 'primitiveness ' .
This sentence does not come to light a defect in English , a show of unexpected 'primitiveness ' .
This example does not come to light a defect in English , a sign of unexpected 'primitiveness ' .
This example does not come to light a shortcoming in English , a show of unexpected 'primitiveness ' .
This example does not come to light a weakness in English , a show of unexpected 'primitiveness ' .
The position is simply and obviously that the Eskimos and the English live in similar environments .
The position cannot obviously reveal that the Eskimos and the English live in similar environments .
The position is simply and obviously that the Eskimos and the English live in similar environmental conditions .
The position shows that the Eskimos and the English live in similar environments .
The position is simply and obviously that the Eskimos and the English live in similar comfortable environments .
The position can tell simply and obviously that the Eskimos and the English live in similar environments .
The English language will be just as rich in terms for different kinds of snow if the environments in which English was habitually used made such distinction as important .
The English language will be just as rich in terms for different kinds of snow if the environments in which English was customarily used made such distinction as important .
The English language will be just as rich in terms for different kinds of snow if the environments in which English was habitually used made such discrepancy as important .
The English language will be just as rich in terms for different kinds of snow if the environments in which English was habitually used made such distinction as paramount .
The English language will be just as rich in terms for different kinds of snow if the environments in which English was habitually used made such distinction as essential .
The English language will be just as rich in terms for a variety of snow if the environments in which English was habitually used made such distinction as important .
Similarly , we have no reason to doubt that the Eskimo language could be as precise and subtle on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics formed the part of the Eskimos ' life .
Similarly , we have no reason to suspect that the Eskimo language could be as precise and subtle on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics formed the part of the Eskimos ' life .
Similarly , we have no reason to doubt that the Eskimo language could be as precise and sophisticated on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics formed the part of the Eskimos ' life .
Similarly , we have no reason to doubt that the Eskimo language could be as precise and exquisite on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics formed the part of the Eskimos ' life .
Similarly , we have no reason to distrust that the Eskimo language could be as precise and subtle on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics formed the part of the Eskimos ' life .
Similarly , we have no reason to doubt that the Eskimo language could be as precise and subtle on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics created the part of the Eskimos ' life .
The previous section has shown how quickly a rhyme passes from one schoolchild to the next and illustrates the further difference between school lore and nursery lore .
The previous part has shown how quickly a rhyme passes from one schoolchild to the next and illustrates the further difference between school lore and nursery lore .
The previous section has shown how quickly a rhyme passes from one schoolchild to the next and illustrates the further divergence between school lore and nursery lore .
The previous section has shown how quickly a rhyme passes from one schoolchild to the next and illustrates the additional difference between school lore and nursery lore .
The previous section has shown how fast a rhyme passes from one schoolchild to the next and illustrates the further difference between school lore and nursery lore .
The previous section has shown how quickly a rhyme passes from one schoolchild to the next and explains the further difference between school lore and nursery lore .
In nursery lore a verse , learnt in early childhood , is notusually passed on again when the little listener has grown up , and has children of their own , or even grandchildren .
In nursery lore a verse , learnt in early childhood , is notusually passed on again when the little audience has grown up , and has children of their own , or even grandchildren .
In nursery lore a rhyme , learnt in early childhood , is notusually passed on again when the little listener has grown up , and has children of their own , or even grandchildren .
In nursery lore a poetry , learnt in early childhood , is notusually passed on again when the little listener has grown up , and has children of their own , or even grandchildren .
In nursery lore a verse , learnt in early childhood , is notusually handed on again when the little listener has grown up , and has children of their own , or even grandchildren .
In nursery lore a verse , learnt in early childhood , is barely passed on again when the little listener has grown up , and has children of their own , or even grandchildren .
The period between learning a nursery rhyme and transmitting it may be something from 20 to 70 years .
The period between learning a childish rhyme and transmitting it may be something from 20 to 70 years .
The period between learning a nursery rhyme and passing on it may be something from 20 to 71 years .
The period between learning a nursery rhyme and transferring it may be something from 20 to 70 years .
The period between learning a nursery rhyme and transfering it may be something from 20 to 70 years .
The period between learning a nursery rhyme and conveying it may be something from 20 to 70 years .
With the playground lore , therefore , a rhyme may be excitedly passed on within the very hour it is learnt ; and , in the general , it passes between children of the same age , or nearly so , since it is uncommon for the difference in age between playmates to be more than five years .
With the playground lore , therefore , a rhyme may be excitedly passed on within the very hour it is learnt ; and , in the general , it passes between children of the same age , or nearly so , since it is abnormal for the difference in age between playmates to be more than five years .
With the playground lore , therefore , a rhyme may be eagerly passed on within the very hour it is learnt ; and , in the general , it passes between children of the same age , or nearly so , since it is uncommon for the difference in age between playmates to be more than five years .
With the playground lore , therefore , a rhyme may be excitedly passed on within the very hour it is learnt ; and , in the general , it passes between children of the same age , or nearly so , since it is uncommon for the difference in age between companions to be more than five years .
With the playground lore , therefore , a rhyme may be excitedly passed on within the very hour it is learnt ; and , in the general , it passes between children of the same age , or nearly so , since it is uncommon for the distinction in age between playmates to be more than five years .
With the playground lore , therefore , a rhyme may be excitedly passed on within the hour it is learnt ; and , in the general , it passes between children of the same age , or nearly so , since it is uncommon for the difference in age between playmates to be more than five years .
If , therefore , a playground rhyme can be shown to have been currently for a hundred years , or even just for fifty , it follows that it has been retransmitted over and over ; very possibly it has passed along a chain of two or three hundred young hearers and tellers , and the wonder is that it remains live after so much handling , to let alone that it bears resemblance to the original wording .
If , therefore , a playground rhyme can be shown to have been currently for a hundred years , or even just for fifty , it follows that it has been retransmitted over and over ; very possibly it has passed along a chain of two or three hundred young hearers and tellers , and the wonder is that it remains live after so much handling , to let alone that it bears resemblance to the initial wording .
If , therefore , a playground rhyme can be shown to have been currently for a hundred years , or even just for fifty , it follows that it has been retransmitted over and over ; very possibly it has passed along a chain of two or three hundred young hearers and tellers , and the wonder is that it remains live after so much handling , to let alone that it bears likeness to the original wording .
If , therefore , a playground rhyme can be shown to have been currently for a hundred years , or even just for fifty , it follows that it has been retransmitted over and over ; very possibly it has passed along a chain of two or three hundred young hearers and tellers , and the wonder is that it remains live after so much handling , to let alone that it bears resemblance to the authentic wording .
If , therefore , a playground rhyme can be shown to have been currently for a hundred years , or even just for fifty , it follows that it has been retransmitted over and over ; very likely it has passed along a chain of two or three hundred young hearers and tellers , and the wonder is that it remains live after so much handling , to let alone that it bears resemblance to the original wording .
If , therefore , a playground rhyme can be shown to have been currently for a hundred years , or even just for fifty , it follows that it has been resent over and over ; very possibly it has passed along a chain of two or three hundred young hearers and tellers , and the wonder is that it remains live after so much handling , to let alone that it bears resemblance to the original wording .
The desire to use language as a sign of national identity is a very natural one , and in result language has played a prominent part in national moves .
The passion to use language as a sign of national identity is a very natural one , and in result language has played a prominent part in national moves .
The desire to adopt language as a sign of national identity is a very natural one , and in result language has played a prominent part in national moves .
The desire to use language as a sign of national identity is a very natural one , and in result language has played a prominent role in national moves .
The desire to use language as a sign of national identity is a very natural one , and in result language has played an essential part in national moves .
The desire to use language as a sign of national identity is a natural one , and in result language has played a prominent part in national moves .
Men have often felt the need to cultivate a given language to show that theyare distinctive from another race whose hegemony they resent .
Men have often felt the need to cultivate a given language to show that theyare distinctive from another country whose hegemony they resent .
Men have often felt the need to cultivate a given language to show that theyare distinctive from another race whose governance they resent .
Men have often felt the need to cultivate a given language to show that theyare distinctive from another race whose hegemony they abhor .
Men have usually felt the need to cultivate a given language to show that theyare distinctive from another race whose hegemony they resent .
Men have often felt the importance to cultivate a given language to show that theyare distinctive from another race whose hegemony they resent .
At the time the United States split off from Britain , for example , there were proposals that independence should be linguistically accepted by the use of a different language from those of Britain .
At the time the United States split off from Britain , for example , there were suggestions that independence should be linguistically accepted by the use of a different language from those of Britain .
At the time the United States finally split off from Britain , for example , there were proposals that independence should be linguistically accepted by the use of a different language from those of Britain .
At the time the United States split off from Britain , for example , there were proposals that independence should be linguistically accepted by adopting a different language from those of Britain .
At the time the United States split off from Britain , for example , there were proposals that national independence should be linguistically accepted by the use of a different language from those of Britain .
At the time the United States split off from Britain , for example , there were proposals that independence should be linguistically accepted by utilizing a different language from those of Britain .
Others favored the adoption of Greek , though , as one man put it , things would certainly be simpler for Americans if they stuck on to English and made the British learn Greek .
Others favored the adoption of Greek , though , as one man put it , things would definitely be simpler for Americans if they stuck on to English and made the British learn Greek .
Others favored the adoption of Greek , though , as one man put it , things would certainly be easier for Americans if they stuck on to English and made the British learn Greek .
Others made suggestions on the adoption of Greek , though , as one man put it , things would certainly be simpler for Americans if they stuck on to English and made the British learn Greek .
Others favored the use of Greek , though , as one man put it , things would certainly be simpler for Americans if they stuck on to English and made the British learn Greek .
Others favored the adoption of Greek , though , as one man put it , things would undoubtedly be simpler for Americans if they stuck on to English and made the British learn Greek .
At the end , as everyone knows , the two countries adopted the practical and satisfactory solution of carrying with the same language as before .
At the end , as everyone knows , the two countries adopted the practical and gratifying solution of carrying with the same language as before .
At the end , as everyone knows , the two countries adopted the practical and suitable solution of carrying with the same language as before .
At the end , as everyone knows , the two countries accepted the practical and satisfactory solution of carrying with the same language as before .
At the end , as everyone knows , the two countries adopted the feasible and satisfactory solution of carrying with the same language as before .
At the end , as we all know , the two countries adopted the practical and satisfactory solution of carrying with the same language as before .
Since nearly two hundred years now , they have shown the world that political independence and national identity can be complete without sacrificing the enormous mutual advantages of a common language .
Since nearly two hundred years now , they have shown the world that political independence and national identity can be integrated without sacrificing the enormous mutual advantages of a common language .
Since nearly two hundred years now , they have shown the world that political independence and national identity can be complete without surrendering the enormous mutual advantages of a common language .
Since nearly two hundred years now , they have shown the world that political independence and national identity can be complete without losing the enormous mutual advantages of a common language .
Since nearly two hundred years now , they have shown the world that political independence and national identity can be complete without sacrificing the colossal mutual advantages of a common language .
Since nearly two hundred years now , they have shown the world that political independence and national identity can be complete without sacrificing the enormous mutual advantages of a universal language .
There is no material in any language today and in the earliest records of ancient languages show uslanguage in a new and emerging state .
There is no material in any language today and in the earliest records of ancient languages show uslanguage in a fresh and emerging state .
There is no information in any language today and in the earliest records of ancient languages show uslanguage in a new and emerging state .
There is no material in any language today and in the earliest documents of ancient languages show uslanguage in a new and emerging state .
There is no substance in any language today and in the earliest records of ancient languages show uslanguage in a new and emerging state .
There is no material in any language today and in the earliest records of ancient languages show uslanguage in a updated and emerging state .
It is often said , of course , that the language originated in cries of anger , fear , pain and pleasure , and the necessary evidence is entirely lacking : there are no remote tribes , no ancient records , providing evidence of a language with a large proportion of such cries than we find in English .
It is often said , of course , that the language originated in cries of anger , fear , pain and pleasure , and the necessary evidence is insufficient : there are no remote tribes , no ancient records , providing evidence of a language with a large proportion of such cries than we find in English .
It is often said , of course , that the language originated in cries of anger , fear , pain and pleasure , and the necessary evidence is entirely lacking : there are no remote hunter gatherers , no ancient records , providing evidence of a language with a large proportion of such cries than we find in English .
It is often said , of course , that the language originated in cries of anger , fear , pain and pleasure , and the necessary evidence is entirely lacking : there are no remote tribes , no ancient records , providing evidence of a language with a large proportion of such cries than we find in English .
It is often said , for sure , that the language originated in cries of anger , fear , pain and pleasure , and the necessary evidence is entirely lacking : there are no remote tribes , no ancient records , providing evidence of a language with a large proportion of such cries than we find in English .
It is often said , of course , that the language originated in cries of anger , fear , pain and pleasure , and the important evidence is entirely lacking : there are no remote tribes , no ancient records , providing evidence of a language with a large proportion of such cries than we find in English .
People of all races and languages make rather similar noises in return to pain or pleasure .
People of all races and languages make nearly the same noises in return to pain or pleasure .
People of all races and languages make rather similar noises in return to sorrow or pleasure .
People of all races and languages make rather identical noises in return to pain or pleasure .
People of all races and languages make rather similar noises in return to pain or enjoyment .
People of all races and languages make rather similar noises in return to unpleasant or pleasure .
We may say that the cries of pain or chortles of amusement are largely reflex actions , instinctive to large extent , whereas language proper does not consist of signs but of these that have to be learnt and that are wholly conventional .
We may say that the cries of pain or chortles of amusement are largely reflex actions , instinctive to large extent , whereas language proper does not consist of signs but of these that have to be learnt and that are wholly typical .
We may say that the cries of pain or chortles of amusement are largely reflex actions , instinctive to large extent , whereas language proper does not consist of signs but of these that have to be learnt and that are totally conventional .
We may say that the cries of pain or chortles of amusement are largely reflex actions , instinctive to large extent , whereas language proper does not consist of signs but of these that have to be learnt and that are completely conventional .
We may say that the cries of pain or chortles of amusement are largely reflex actions , instinctive to large extent , whereas language proper does not consist of signs but of these that have to be learnt and that are wholly customary .
We may say that the cries of pain or chortles of amusement are largely reflex actions , instinctive to large extent , whereas language proper does not consist of signs but of these that have to be learnt and that are truly conventional .
The fact that such noises are similar on the lips of Frenchmen and Malaysians whose languages are utterly different , serves to emphasize on the fundamental difference between these noises and language proper .
The fact that such noises are similar on the lips of Frenchmen and Malaysians whose languages are utterly different , serves to stress on the fundamental difference between these noises and language proper .
The fact that such noises are similar on the lips of Frenchmen and Malaysians whose languages are utterly different , serves to emphasize on the basic difference between these noises and language proper .
The fact that such noises are identical on the lips of Frenchmen and Malaysians whose languages are utterly different , serves to emphasize on the fundamental difference between these noises and language proper .
The fact that such noises are similar on the lips of Frenchmen and Malaysians whose languages are completely different , serves to emphasize on the fundamental difference between these noises and language proper .
The fact that such noises are comparable on the lips of Frenchmen and Malaysians whose languages are utterly different , serves to emphasize on the fundamental difference between these noises and language proper .
Each of us shares with the community in which we live a store of words and eanings as well as agreeing conventions as to the way in which words should be arranged to convey a particular message ; the English speaker has in his disposal a vocabulary and a set of grammatical rules which enables him to communicate his thoughts and feelings , in a variety of styles , to the other English speakers .
Each of us shares with the community in which we live a store of words and eanings as well as agreeing conventions as to the way in which words should be produced to convey a particular message ; the English speaker has in his disposal a vocabulary and a set of grammatical rules which enables him to communicate his thoughts and feelings , in a variety of styles , to the other English speakers .
Each of us shares with the community in which we live a store of words and eanings as well as agreeing conventions as to the way in which words should be arranged to convey a specific message ; the English speaker has in his disposal a vocabulary and a set of grammatical rules which enables him to communicate his thoughts and feelings , in a variety of styles , to the other English speakers .
Each of us shares with the community in which we live a store of words and eanings as well as agreeing conventions as to the way in which words should be arranged to convey a particular message ; the English speaker has in his disposal a vocabulary and a set of grammatical rules which enables him to pass on his thoughts and feelings , in a variety of styles , to the other English speakers .
Each of us shares with the community in which we live a store of words and eanings as well as agreeing conventions as to the way in which words should be arranged to express a particular message ; the English speaker has in his disposal a vocabulary and a set of grammatical rules which enables him to communicate his thoughts and feelings , in a variety of styles , to the other English speakers .
Each of us shares with the community in which we live a store of words and eanings as well as agreeing conventions as to the way in which words should be arranged to convey a particular message ; the English speaker has in his disposal a vocabulary and a set of grammatical rules which enables him to communicate his thoughts and feelings , in different kinds of styles , to the other English speakers .
His vocabulary , in particular , both that which he uses actively and that which he recognises , increases in size as he grows old as a result of education and experience .
His vocabulary , in particular , both that which he uses actively and that which he acknowledges , increases in size as he grows old as a result of education and experience .
His vocabulary , in particular , both that which he uses actively and that which he recognises , improvements in size as he grows old as a result of education and experience .
His vocabulary , in particular , both that which he exploits actively and that which he recognises , increases in size as he grows old as a result of education and experience .
His vocabulary , in particular , both that which he uses aggressively and that which he recognises , increases in size as he grows old as a result of education and experience .
His vocabulary , in particular , both that which he uses vigorously and that which he recognises , increases in size as he grows old as a result of education and experience .
But , whether the language store is relatively small or large , the system remains no more than a psychological reality for the individual , unless he has a means of expressing it in terms able to be seen by another member of his linguistic community ; he has to give the system a concrete transmission form .
But , whether the language store is relatively slight or large , the system remains no more than a psychological reality for the individual , unless he has a means of expressing it in terms able to be seen by another member of his linguistic community ; he has to give the system a concrete transmission form .
But , whether the language store is comparatively small or large , the system remains no more than a psychological reality for the individual , unless he has a means of expressing it in terms able to be seen by another member of his linguistic community ; he has to give the system a concrete transmission form .
But , whether the language store is relatively small or large , the system remains no more than a psychological reality for the individual , unless he has a means of expressing it in terms able to be seen by another member of his linguistic community ; he has to give the system a concrete transmission pattern .
But , whether the language store is relatively small or large , the system remains no more than a psychological reality for the individual , unless he has a means of conveying it in terms able to be seen by another member of his linguistic community ; he has to give the system a concrete transmission form .
But , whether the language store is relatively small or large , the system remains no more than a psychological reality for the individual , unless he has a means of expressing it in terms able to be seen by another member of his linguistic community ; he has to give the system a specific transmission form .
We take it for granted the two most common forms of transmission by means of sounds produced by our vocal organsspeechor by visual signs writing . And these are among most striking of human achievements .
We take it for granted the two most common forms of transmission by means of sounds produced by our vocal organsspeechor by visual signs writing . And these are among most powerful of human achievements .
We take it for granted the two most common forms of transmission by means of sounds produced by our vocal organsspeechor by visual signs writing . And these are among most remarkable of human achievements .
We take it for granted the two most prevalent forms of transmission by means of sounds produced by our vocal organsspeechor by visual signs writing . And these are among most striking of human achievements .
We take it for granted the two most universal forms of transmission by means of sounds produced by our vocal organsspeechor by visual signs writing . And these are among most striking of human achievements .
We take it for granted the two most common forms of transmission by means of sounds produced by our vocal organsspeechor by visual signs writing . And these are among most surprising of human achievements .
They say the increases are needed because of a loss in value of university endowments ' heavily investing in common stock . I am skeptical .
They say the increases are needed because of a deficiency in value of university endowments ' heavily investing in common stock . I am skeptical .
They say the increases are needed because of a shortage in value of university endowments ' heavily investing in common stock . I am skeptical .
They say the increases are necessary because of a loss in value of university endowments ' heavily investing in common stock . I am skeptical .
They say the increases are important because of a loss in value of university endowments ' heavily investing in common stock . I am skeptical .
They say the increases are needed because of a loss in value of university endowments ' heavily investing in common stock . I am sceptical .
A business firm chooses the price that maximizes its net revenues , irrespective fluctuations in income ; and increasingly the outlook of universities in the United States is indistinguishable from those of business firms .
A business firm chooses the price that maximizes its net revenues , irrespective fluctuations in income ; and progressively the outlook of universities in the United States is indistinguishable from those of business firms .
A business firm chooses the price that maximizes its net revenues , inattentive fluctuations in income ; and increasingly the outlook of universities in the United States is indistinguishable from those of business firms .
A business firm chooses the price that maximizes its net revenues , irrespective fluctuations in income ; and increasingly the vision of universities in the United States is indistinguishable from those of business firms .
A business firm fixes the price that maximizes its net revenues , irrespective fluctuations in income ; and increasingly the outlook of universities in the United States is indistinguishable from those of business firms .
A business firm chooses the price that maximizes its net revenues , irrespective fluctuations in income ; and increasingly the outlook of universities in the United States is illegible from those of business firms .
The rise in tuitions may reflect the fact economic uncertainty increases the demand for education .
The rise in tuitions may reflect the fact economic uncertainty promotes the demand for education .
The rising tuitions may reflect the fact economic uncertainty increases the demand for education .
The rise in tuitions may reflect the fact economic uncertainty boosts the demand for education .
The rise in tuitions may reflect the fact economic uncertainty raises the demand for education .
The rise in tuitions may reflect the fact economic uncertainty increases the need for education .
The biggest cost of being in the school is foregoing income from a jobthis is primarily a factor in graduate and professional-school tuition ; the poor one 's job prospects , the more sense it makes to reallocate time from the job market to education , in order to make oneself more marketable .
The biggest cost of being in the school is foregoing income from a jobthis is primarily a component in graduate and professional-school tuition ; the poor one 's job prospects , the more sense it makes to reallocate time from the job market to education , in order to make oneself more marketable .
The biggest cost of being in the school is foregoing income from a jobthis is primarily a point in graduate and professional-school tuition ; the poor one 's job prospects , the more sense it makes to reallocate time from the job market to education , in order to make oneself more marketable .
The biggest cost of being in the school is foregoing income from a jobthis is primarily a factor in graduate and professional-school tuition ; the poor one 's job expectations , the more sense it makes to reallocate time from the job market to education , in order to make oneself more marketable .
The biggest cost of being in the school is foregoing income from a jobthis is primarily a factor in graduate and professional-school tuition ; the poor one 's job proposals , the more sense it makes to reallocate time from the job market to education , in order to make oneself more marketable .
The biggest cost of being in the school is foregoing income from a jobthis is primarily a factor in graduate and professional-school tuition ; the poor one 's job prospects , the more sense it makes to distribute time from the job market to education , in order to make oneself more merchantable,
The ways which universities make themselves attractive to students include soft majors , student evaluations of teachers , giving students a governance role , and eliminate required courses .
The ways which universities make themselves attractive to students include soft majors , student evaluations of teachers , giving students a governance role , and eliminate compulsory courses .
The ways which universities make themselves attractive to students belong to soft majors , student evaluations of teachers , giving students a governance role , and eliminate required courses .
The ways which universities make themselves attractive to students include soft majors , student opinions of teachers , giving students a governance role , and eliminate required courses .
The ways which universities make themselves attractive to students include soft majors , student evaluations of teachers , giving students a governance role , and eliminate necessitate courses .
The approaches which universities make themselves attractive to students include soft majors , student evaluations of teachers , giving students a governance role , and eliminate required courses .
Just as business firms sometimes collude to shorten the rigors of competition , universities collude to minimize the cost to them of the athletes whom they recruit in order to stimulate alumni donations , so the best athletes now often bypass higher education in order to obtain salaries earlier from professional teams .
Just as business firms sometimes collude to shorten the severity of competition , universities collude to minimize the cost to them of the athletes whom they recruit in order to stimulate alumni donations , so the best athletes now often bypass higher education in order to obtain salaries earlier from professional teams .
Just as business firms sometimes collude to shorten the rigors of competition , universities conspire to minimize the cost to them of the athletes whom they recruit in order to stimulate alumni donations , so the best athletes now often bypass higher education in order to obtain salaries earlier from professional teams .
Just as business firms sometimes collude to shorten the rigors of competition , universities collude to minimize the cost to them of the athletes whom they recruit in order to encourage alumni donations , so the best athletes now often bypass higher education in order to obtain salaries earlier from professional teams .
Just as business firms sometimes collude to shorten the strictness of competition , universities collude to minimize the cost to them of the athletes whom they recruit in order to stimulate alumni donations , so the best athletes now often bypass higher education in order to obtain salaries earlier from professional teams .
Just as business firms sometimes collude to shorten the rigors of competition , universities collude to minimize the cost to them of the athletes whom they recruit in order to excite alumni donations , so the best athletes now often bypass higher education in order to obtain salaries earlier from professional teams .
And until they were stopped by the antitrust authorities , the Ivy League schools colluded to limit competition for the best students , by agreeing not to award scholarships on the basis of merit rather than purely of needjust like business firms agreeing not to give discounts on their best customer .
And until they were stopped by the antitrust authorities , the Ivy League schools colluded to limit competition for the best students , by agreeing not to award scholarships on the basis of merit rather than completely of needjust like business firms agreeing not to give discounts on their best customer .
And until they were stopped by the antitrust authorities , the Ivy League schools plotted to limit competition for the best students , by agreeing not to award scholarships on the basis of merit rather than purely of needjust like business firms agreeing not to give discounts on their best customer .
And until they were stopped by the antitrust authorities , the Ivy League schools colluded to limit competition for the best students , by agreeing not to award scholarships on the basis of merit rather than purely of needjust like business corporations agreeing not to give discounts on their best customer .
And until they were stopped by the antitrust authorities , the Ivy League schools colluded to limit contest competition for the best students , by agreeing not to award scholarships on the basis of merit rather than purely of needjust like business firms agreeing not to give discounts on their best customer .
And until they were stopped by the antitrust authorities , the Ivy League schools colluded to limit competition for the best students , by agreeing not to award scholarships on the root of merit rather than purely of needjust like business firms agreeing not to give discounts on their best customer .
This power is usually delegated to committees either standing committees , special committees set for a specific purpose , orjoint committees consisted of members of both houses .
This power is usually delegated to committees either standing committees , special committees set for a specific objective , orjoint committees consisted of members of both houses .
This authority is usually delegated to committees either standing committees , special committees set for a specific purpose , orjoint committees consisted of members of both houses .
This power is usually delegated to committees either standing committees , special committees set for a specific purpose , orjoint committees consisted of senators of both houses .
This power is normally delegated to committees either standing committees , special committees set for a specific purpose , orjoint committees consisted of members of both houses .
This power is usually delegated to committees either standing committees , special committees set for a particular purpose , orjoint committees consisted of members of both houses .
Investigations are held to gather information on the need for future legislation , to test the effectiveness of laws already passed , to inquire into the qualifications and performance of members and officials of the other branches , and in rare occasions , to lay the groundwork for impeachment proceedings .
Investigations are held to gather information on the need for future legislation , to test the effectiveness of laws already passed , to inquire into the qualifications and performance of members and officials of the other branches , and in rare occasions , to lay the foundation for impeachment proceedings .
Investigations are held to collect information on the need for future legislation , to test the effectiveness of laws already passed , to inquire into the qualifications and performance of members and officials of the other branches , and in rare occasions , to lay the groundwork for impeachment proceedings .
Investigations are held to gather information on the need for future legislation , to test the efficiency of laws already passed , to inquire into the qualifications and performance of members and officials of the other branches , and in rare occasions , to lay the groundwork for impeachment proceedings .
Investigations are held to accumulate information on the need for future legislation , to test the effectiveness of laws already passed , to inquire into the qualifications and performance of members and officials of the other branches , and in rare occasions , to lay the groundwork for impeachment proceedings .
Investigations are held to gather information on the need for future legislation , to test the effectiveness of laws already passed , to inquire into the qualifications and performance of members and officials of the other branches , and in rare occasions , to lay the basis for impeachment proceedings .
Frequently , committees rely outside experts to assist in conducting investigative hearings and to make out detailed studies of issues .
Frequently , committees rely outside experts to assist in conducting investigative hearings and to make out thorough studies of issues .
Frequently , committees rely outside experts to assist in conducting investigative hearings and to make out exhaustive studies of issues .
Frequently , committees rely outside experts to assist in conducting investigative hearings and to make out precise studies of issues .
Frequently , committees rely outside experts to assist in conducting fact-finding hearings and to make out detailed studies of issues .
Frequently , committees rely outside experts to assist in conducting investigative hearings and to make out detailed researches of issues .
There are important corollaries to the investigative power . One is the power to publicize investigations and its results .
There are important corollaries to the investigative power . One is the power to publicize inspections and its results .
There are important corollaries to the investigative power . One is the power to promulgate investigations and its results .
There are important analogies to the investigative power . One is the power to publicize investigations and its results .
There are essential corollaries to the investigative power . One is the power to publicize investigations and its results .
There are important corollaries to the investigative power . One is the strength to publicize investigations and its results .
Most committee hearings are open to public and are reported widely in the mass media .
Most committee hearings are open to public and are reported extensively in the mass media .
Most committee hearings are open to public and are broadcasted widely in the mass media .
Most committee hearings are open to public and are reported widely in the stream media .
Most disciplinary hearings are open to public and are reported widely in the mass media .
Most committee hearings are open to public and are reported broadly in the mass media .
Congressional investigations nevertheless represent one important tool available to lawmakers to inform the citizenry and to arouse public interests in national issues .
Congressional investigations nevertheless represent one important tool available to lawmakers to notify the citizenry and to arouse public interests in national issues .
Congressional investigations nevertheless represent one important tool available to lawmakers to warn the citizenry and to arouse public interests in national issues .
Congressional investigations nevertheless represent one important tool available to lawmakers to inform the citizenry and to awaken public interests in national issues .
Congressional investigations nevertheless indicate one important tool available to lawmakers to inform the citizenry and to arouse public interests in national issues .
Congressional investigations nevertheless represent one essential tool available to lawmakers to inform the citizenry and to arouse public interests in national issues .
Congressional committees also have the power to compel testimony from unwilling witnesses , and to cite for contempt of Congress witnesses who refuse to testify and for perjury these who give false testimony .
Congressional committees also have the power to compel testimony from reluctant witnesses , and to cite for contempt of Congress witnesses who refuse to testify and for perjury these who give false testimony .
Congressional committees also have the power to compel testimony from unwilling witnesses , and to cite for derision of Congress witnesses who refuse to testify and for perjury these who give false testimony .
Congressional committees also have the power to compel testimony from unwilling witnesses , and to cite for contempt of Congress witnesses who decline to testify and for perjury these who give false testimony .
Congressional committees also have the power to compel testimony from unwilling witnesses , and to cite for contempt of Congress witnesses who refuse to testify and for perjury these who give false confessions .
Congressional committees also have the strength to compel testimony from unwilling witnesses , and to cite for contempt of Congress witnesses who refuse to testify and for perjury these who give false testimony .
They quickly brought downthe age at marriage for both men and women and brought the birth rate to a twentieth century height after more than a hundred years of a steady decline , producing the " baby boom " .
They quickly brought downthe age at marriage for both men and women and brought the birth rate to a twentieth century height after more than a hundred years of a constant decline , producing the " baby boom " .
They quickly brought downthe age at marriage for both men and women and brought the birth rate to a twentieth century height after more than a hundred years of a steady decline , giving rise to the " baby boom " .
They quickly brought downthe age at marriage for both men and women and brought the natality to a twentieth century height after more than a hundred years of a steady decline , producing the " baby boom " .
They quickly brought downthe age at marriage for both men and women and brought the birth rate to a twentieth century height after more than a hundred years of a steady decline , designing the " baby boom " .
They promptly brought downthe age at marriage for both men and women and brought the birth rate to a twentieth century height after more than a hundred years of a steady decline , producing the " baby boom " .
These young adults established a trend of early marriage and relatively large families that went for more than two decades and caused a major but temporary reversal of long-term demographic patterns .
These young adults established a trend of early marriage and relatively large families that went for more than two decades and caused a leading but temporary reversal of long-term demographic patterns .
These young adults established a trend of early marriage and relatively large families that went for more than two decades and caused a dorminant but temporary reversal of long-term demographic patterns .
These young adults established a tendency of early marriage and relatively large families that went for more than two decades and caused a major but temporary reversal of long-term demographic patterns .
These young adults established a trend of early marriage and relatively large families that went for more than two decades and caused a major but ephemeral reversal of long-term demographic patterns .
These young adults created a trend of early marriage and relatively large families that went for more than two decades and caused a major but temporary reversal of long-term demographic patterns .
From the 1940s through the early 1960s , Americans married at a high rate and at a younger age than their Europe counterparts .
From the 1940s through the early 1960s , Americans married at a high rate and at a younger age than their Europe fellows .
From the 1940s through the early 1960s , Americans married at a high rate and at a younger age than their Europe peers .
From the 1940s through the early 1961s , Americans married at a high rate and at a younger age than their Europe associates .
From the 1940s through the early 1960s , Americans married at a high rate and at a younger age than their Europe rivals .
From the 1940s through the early 1960s , Americans married at a high rate and at a younger age than their Europe similitudes .
Less noted but equally more significant , the men and women who formed families between 1940 and 1960 nevertheless reduced the divorce rate after a postwar peak ; their marriages remained intact to a greater extent than did that of couples who married in earlier as well as later decades .
Less noted but equally more significant , the men and women who formed families between 1940 and 1960 nevertheless reduced the divorce rate after a postwar peak ; their marriages remained undamaged to a greater extent than did that of couples who married in earlier as well as later decades .
Less noted but similarly more significant , the men and women who formed families between 1940 and 1960 nevertheless reduced the divorce rate after a postwar peak ; their marriages remained intact to a greater extent than did that of couples who married in earlier as well as later decades .
Less noted but equally more significant , the men and women who started families between 1940 and 1960 nevertheless reduced the divorce rate after a postwar peak ; their marriages remained intact to a greater extent than did that of couples who married in earlier as well as later decades .
Less noted but equally more essential, the men and women who formed families between 1940 and 1960 nevertheless reduced the divorce rate after a postwar peak ; their marriages remained intact to a greater extent than did that of couples who married in earlier as well as later decades .
Less noted but equally more significant , the men and women who forged families between 1940 and 1960 nevertheless reduced the divorce rate after a postwar peak ; their marriages remained intact to a greater extent than did that of couples who married in earlier as well as later decades .
Since the United States maintained its dubious distinction of having the highest divorce rate in the world , the temporary decline in divorce did not occur in the same extent in Europe .
Since the United States maintained its dubious distinction of having the highest divorce rate in the world , the temporary slump in divorce did not occur in the same extent in Europe .
Since the United States maintained its dubious distinction of having the highest divorce rate in the world , the temporary decrease in divorce did not occur in the same extent in Europe .
Since the United States preserved its dubious distinction of having the highest divorce rate in the world , the temporary decline in divorce did not occur in the same extent in Europe .
Since the United States maintained its dubious distinction of having the highest divorce rate in the world , the temporary descent in divorce did not occur in the same extent in Europe .
Since the United States remained its dubious distinction of having the highest divorce rate in the world , the temporary decline in divorce did not occur in the same extent in Europe .
Oneis the fact that pronunciation is learnt " naturally " and unconsciously , and orthography is learnt deliberately and consciously .
Oneis the fact that pronunciation is learnt " naturally " and unconsciously , and orthography is learnt studiously and consciously .
Oneis the fact that pronunciation is learnt " naturally " and unconsciously , and orthography is learnt deliberately and intentionally .
Oneis the fact that pronunciation is learnt " naturally " and unconsciously , and orthography is learnt deliberately and discreetly .
Oneis the fact that pronunciation is learnt " naturally " and unconsciously , and orthography is learnt intentionally and consciously .
Oneis the fact that pronunciation is learnt " naturally " and unconsciously , and orthography is learnt deliberately and purposefully .
Large numbers of us , in fact , remain throughout our lives quite unconscious with what our speech sounds like when we speak out , and it often comes as a shock when we firstly hear a recording of ourselves .
Large numbers of us , in fact , remain throughout our lives quite unconscious with what our speech sounds like when we speak out , and it often comes as a shock when we firstly hear a taping of ourselves .
Large numbers of us , in fact , remain throughout our lives quite unconscious with what our speech sounds like when we speak out , and it often comes as a shock when we firstly receive a recording of ourselves .
Large numbers of us , in fact , remain throughout our lives quite unconscious with what our speech sounds like when we speak out , and it often comes as a surprise when we firstly hear a recording of ourselves .
Large numbers of us , in fact , remain throughout our lives rather unconscious with what our speech sounds like when we speak out , and it often comes as a shock when we firstly hear a recording of ourselves .
The majority of us , in fact , remain throughout our lives quite unconscious with what our speech sounds like when we speak out , and it often comes as a shock when we firstly hear a recording of ourselves .
It is not a voice we recognize at once , whereas our own handwriting is something which we almost always know .
It is not a voice we perceive at once , whereas our own handwriting is something which we almost always know .
It is not a voice we realize at once , whereas our own handwriting is something which we almost always know .
It is not a voice we see at once , whereas our own handwriting is something which we almost always know .
It is not a voice we acknowledge at once , whereas our own handwriting is something which we almost always know .
It is not a voice we recognize at once , whereas our own handwriting is something which we almost always understand.
We begin the " natural " learning of pronunciation long before we start learning to read or write , and in our early years we went on unconsciously imitating and practicing the pronunciation of those around us for many more hours per every day than we ever have to spend learning even our difficult English spelling .
We begin the " natural " learning of pronunciation long before we start learning to read or write , and in our early years we went on unconsciously imitating and practicing the pronunciation of those around us for many more hours per every day than we ever have to spend learning even our laborious English spelling .
We begin the " natural " learning of pronunciation long before we start learning to read or write , and in our early years we went on unconsciously reproducing and practicing the pronunciation of those around us for many more hours per every day than we ever have to spend learning even our difficult English spelling .
We begin the " natural " learning of pronunciation long before we start learning to read or write , and in our early years we went on unconsciously imitating and learning the pronunciation of those around us for many more hours per every day than we ever have to spend learning even our difficult English spelling .
We begin the " natural " learning of pronunciation long before we start learning to read or write , and in our early years we went on unconsciously imitating and practicing the pronunciation of those around us for many more hours per every day than we ever have to spend learning even our rough English spelling .
We begin the " natural " learning of pronunciation long before we start learning to read or write , and in our early years we went on unconsciously imitating and practicing the pronunciation of those around us for many more hours per every day than we ever have to spend learning even our rugged English spelling .
This is " natural " , therefore , that our speech?sounds should be those of our immediate circle ; after all , as we have seen , speech operates as a means of holding a community and giving a sense of " belonging " .
This is " natural " , therefore , that our speechsounds should be those of our immediate circle ; after all , as we have seen , speech functions as a means of holding a community and giving a sense of " belonging " .
This is " natural " , therefore , that our speechsounds should be those of our immediate circle ; after all , as we have seen , speech operates as a method of holding a community and giving a sense of " belonging " .
This is " natural " , therefore , that our speechsounds should be those of our immediate circle ; after all , as we have seen , speech operates as a means of making a community and giving a sense of " belonging " .
This is " natural " , therefore , that our speechsounds should be those of our immediate circle ; after all , as we have seen , speech operates as a means of holding a neighborhood and giving a sense of " belonging " .
This is " natural " , therefore , that our speechsounds are supposed to be those of our immediate circle ; after all , as we have seen , speech operates as a means of holding a community and giving a sense of " belonging " .
We learn quite early to recognize a " stranger " , someone who speaks with an accent of a different communityjperhaps only a few miles far .
We learn quite early to understand a " stranger " , someone who speaks with an accent of a different communityjperhaps only a few miles far .
We learn quite early to realize a " stranger " , someone who speaks with an accent of a different communityjperhaps only a few miles far .
We learn quite early to recognize a " stranger " , someone who pronounces with an accent of a different communityjperhaps only a few miles far .
We learn quite early to recognize a " stranger " , someone who speaks with an accent of a variety communityjperhaps only a few miles far .
We learn quite early to recognize a " stranger " , someone who speaks with an accent of a different communityj maybe only a few miles far .
People on city streets watched the yields andthe price of wheat in almost as much feeling as if they were growers .
People on city streets watched the harvests andthe price of wheat in almost as much feeling as if they were growers .
People on city streets watched the yields andthe price of wheat in almost as much believing as if they were growers .
People on city streets watched the yields andthe price of wheat in almost as much feeling as if they were peasant households .
People on city streets watched the yields andthe price of wheat in almost as much feeling as if they were raiser .
People on city streets watched the yields andthe price of wheat in almost as much feeling as if they were cultivator .
The marketing of wheat became an increasing favorite topic of conversation .
The marketing of wheat became an increasing favorite theme of conversation .
The marketing of wheat and rice became an increasing favorite topic of conversation .
The marketing of wheat became an increasing favorite topic of situational dialogues .
The marketing of wheat became an increasing favorite affair of conversation .
The marketing of wheat became an increasing preferent topic of conversation .
Wheat prices were generally low in the autumn , so farmers could not wait for markets to improve .
Wheat prices were generally low in the fall , so farmers could not wait for markets to improve .
Wheat prices were generally low in the autumn , so farmers could not wait for markets to alter .
Wheat prices were generally low in the autumn , so farmers could not wait for markets to adjust .
Wheat prices were generally low in the autumn , so farmers could not wait for markets to refine .
Wheat prices were commonly low in the autumn , so farmers could not wait for markets to improve .
It had happened too often that they sold their wheat soon shortly after harvest when farm debts were coming due , just to see prices rising and speculators getting rich .
It had happened too often that they sold their wheat soon shortly after harvest when farm debts were coming due , just to see prices rising and gamblers getting rich .
It had happened too often that they sold their wheat soon shortly after harvest when farm debts were coming due , just to see prices rising and speculators getting wealthy .
It had happened too often that they sold their wheat soon shortly after harvest when farm debts were coming due , just to see prices increasing and speculators getting rich .
It had happened frequently that they sold their wheat soon shortly after harvest when farm debts were coming due , just to see prices rising and speculators getting rich .
It had happened too often that they sold their wheat soon shortly after harvest when farm debts were coming due , just to see prices rising and speculators getting prosperous .
On various occasions , producer groups asked firmer control , but the government had no wish to become involving , at least not until wartime when wheat prices threatened to run wild .
On diversified occasions , producer groups asked firmer control , but the government had no wish to become involving , at least not until wartime when wheat prices threatened to run wild .
On disparate occasions , producer groups asked firmer control , but the government had no wish to become involving , at least not until wartime when wheat prices threatened to run wild .
On separate occasions , producer groups asked firmer control , but the government had no wish to become involving , at least not until wartime when wheat prices threatened to run wild .
On different occasions , producer groups asked firmer control , but the government had no wish to become involving , at least not until wartime when wheat prices threatened to run wild .
On various occasions , producer groups asked firmer control , but the government had no wish to become involving , at least not until wartime when wheat prices jeopardized to run wild .
Anxious to check inflation and rising life costs , the federal government appointed a board of grain supervisors to handle with deliveries from the crops of 1917 and 1918 .
Anxious to check inflation and rising life costs , the federal government assigned a board of grain supervisors to handle with deliveries from the crops of 1917 and 1918 .
Anxious to figure out inflation and rising life costs , the federal government appointed a board of grain supervisors to handle with deliveries from the crops of 1917 and 1918 .
Anxious to check inflation and rising life costs , the federal government appointed a board of grain experts to handle with deliveries from the crops of 1917 and 1919 .
Anxious to check inflation and rising life costs , the federal government appointed a board of grain specialists to handle with deliveries from the crops of 1917 and 1918 .
Anxious to restrain inflation and rising life costs , the federal government appointed a board of grain supervisors to handle with deliveries from the crops of 1917 and 1918 .
To handle with the crop of 1919 , the government appointed the first Canadian Wheat Board , with total authority to buy , sell , and set prices .
To handle with the crop of 1919 , the government appointed the first Canadian Wheat Board , with total authority to buy , peddle , and set prices .
To handle with the crop of 1920 , the government appointed the first Canadian Wheat Board , with total authority to buy , sell , and fix prices .
To deal with the crop of 1919 , the government appointed the first Canadian Wheat Board , with total authority to buy , sell , and set prices .
To cope with the crop of 1919 , the government appointed the first Canadian Wheat Board , with total authority to buy , sell , and set prices .
To dispose of the crop of 1919 , the government appointed the first Canadian Wheat Board , with total authority to buy , sell , and set prices .
Amid a deepening crisis in a language learning , which is causing alarm at highest levels of government , the number of universities offering degrees in modern languages have already plunged from 105 in 200 to 62 at the starting of this academic year .
Amid a deepening crisis in a language learning , which is causing signs at highest levels of government , the number of universities offering degrees in modern languages have already plunged from 105 in 200 to 62 at the starting of this academic year .
Amid a deepening crisis in a language learning , which is causing alarm at highest levels of government , the number of universities offering degrees in modern languages have already plummeted from 105 in 200 to 62 at the starting of this academic year .
Amid a deepening disaster in a language learning , which is causing alarm at highest levels of government , the number of universities offering degrees in modern languages have already plunged from 105 in 200 to 63 at the starting of this academic year .
Amid a deepening crisis in a language learning , which is creating alarm at highest levels of government , the number of universities offering degrees in modern languages have already plunged from 105 in 200 to 62 at the starting of this academic year .
Amid a deepening crisis in a language learning , which is causing frighten at highest levels of government , the number of universities offering degrees in modern languages have already plunged from 105 in 200 to 62 at the starting of this academic year .
A culture must have at most one language , which it uses as a distinct media of communication to convey its defining ideas , customs and beliefs from one member of the culture to any member .
A culture must have at most one language , which it uses as a recognizable media of communication to convey its defining ideas , customs and beliefs from one member of the culture to any member .
A culture must have at most one language , which it uses as a distinct media of communication to communicate its defining ideas , customs and beliefs from one member of the culture to any member .
A culture must have at most one language , which it uses as a distinct media of communication to convey its decisive ideas , customs and beliefs from one member of the culture to any member .
A culture must have at most one language , which it uses as a distinct media of communication to convey its essential ideas , customs and beliefs from one member of the culture to any member .
A culture must have at most one language , which it uses as a distinct media of communication to express its defining ideas , customs and beliefs from one member of the culture to any member .
The search for the linguistic universals yielded interesting data on languages , and after decades of work , not a single proposing universal has withstood scrutiny .
The search for the linguistic universals yielded worthwhile data on languages , and after decades of work , not a single proposing universal has withstood scrutiny .
The search for the linguistic universals yielded useful data on languages , and after decades of work , not a single proposing universal has withstood scrutiny .
The search for the linguistic universals generated interesting data on languages , and after decades of work , not a single proposing universal has withstood scrutiny .
The search for the linguistic universals yielded interesting data on languages , and after decades of work , not a proposing universal has withstood scrutiny .
The recent search for the linguistic universals yielded interesting data on languages , and after decades of work , not a single proposing universal has withstood scrutiny .
The chief claim for the use of science in education is that it teaches child something in making him acquainted with the results of scientific discovery , and at the same time teaches him how to think logical by studying scientific method .
The significance for the use of science in education is that it teaches child something in making him acquainted with the results of scientific discovery , and at the same time teaches him how to think logical by studying scientific method .
What makes it meaningful to use science in education is that it teaches child something in making him acquainted with the results of scientific discovery , and at the same time teaches him how to think logical by studying scientific method .
The chief claim for the use of science in education is that it teaches child something in making him acquainted with the consequences of scientific discovery , and at the same time teaches him how to think logical by studying scientific method .
The chief claim for the use of science in education is that it teaches child something in making him acquainted with the results of scientific discovery , and at the same time teaches him how to think logical by studying scientific method , which will benefit the child a lot .
The claim for the use of science in education is that it teaches child something in making him acquainted with the results of scientific discovery , and at the same time teaches him how to think logical by studying scientific method .
Many language have well-establishing oral and literal tradition and are being used for a wide variety of functions in the society .
Many language have well-establishing oral and literal tradition and are being used and inherited for a wide variety of functions in the society .
Many language which are being used for a wide variety of functions in the society have well-establishing oral and literal tradition .
Many language have well-establishing oral and literal tradition and are being widely used in the society .
Many language have well-establishing oral and literal tradition and are constantly being updated and developed .
Many language have well-establishing literal tradition and are being used for a wide variety of functions in the society .
The use of tools in chimpanzees is especially interesting while these animals sometimes modify tools to make them better suited their intended purpose .
The use of tools in chimpanzees is particularly interesting while these animals sometimes modify tools to make them better suited their intended purpose .
The use of tools in chimpanzees is especially interesting while these animals sometimes modify tools to make them better suited their intended purpose, just as humans do .
The use of tools in adult chimpanzees is especially interesting while these animals sometimes modify tools to make them better suited their intended purpose .
Chimpanzees use tools much like humans while these animals sometimes modify tools to make them better suited their intended purpose .
The use of tools in chimpanzees is especially interesting while these animals sometimes modify tools to make them better suited their purpose .
As longer-term forecasts , the science is n't there yet , despite that you hear on the nightly news.Television forecasters cater with the public 's curiosity about extreme weather .
As longer-term weather forecasts , the science is n't there yet , despite that you hear on the nightly news.Television forecasters cater with the public 's curiosity about extreme weather .
As longer-term forecasts , the science is n't there yet , despite that you hear on the evening news.Television forecasters cater with the public 's curiosity about extreme weather .
As longer-term forecasts , the science is n't there yet , despite that you hear on the nightly news.Television forecasters who are responsibile for reporting the weather for the next few days cater with the public 's curiosity about extreme weather .
As longer-term forecasts , the science is n't there yet , despite that you hear on the nightly news.Television forecasters cater with the needs of the public .
As longer-term forecasts , the science is n't there yet , despite that you hear on the nightly news.Television forecasters cater with the public 's curiosity .
When you tune off and respond to your child , it encourages him to communicate . You 'll be amazed at what much she has to say , even before her words develop .
When you tune off and respond to your child , it encourages him to communicate and interact with you . You 'll be amazed at what much she has to say , even before her words develop .
When you tune off and respond to your child , it encourages him to communicate . You 'll be surprised at what much she has to say , even before her words develop .
When you tune off and respond to your child , it encourages him to communicate . You 'll wonder what much she has to say , even before her words develop .
When you tune off and respond to your child , it encourages him to communicate . You 'll be amazed at what much she has to say , even before she can speak .
When you tune off and respond to your child , it encourages him to communicate . You 'll be amazed at what much she has to say .
Over the past four decades , researchers have identified the number of cognitive , affective , and sociocultural factors such as significantly contributing to this variety in second language acquisition .
Over the past four decades , researchers have confirmed that the number of cognitive , affective , and sociocultural factors such have an important influence on this variety in second language acquisition .
Over the past four decades , researchers have identified the number of factors such as significantly contributing to this variety in second language acquisition .
Over the past four decades , researchers have identified the number of cognitive , affective , and sociocultural factors such as remarkably contributing to this variety in second language acquisition .
Over the past four decades , researchers have identified the number of cognitive and sociocultural factors such as significantly contributing to this variety in second language acquisition .
Over the past four decades , researchers in the team have identified the number of cognitive , affective , and sociocultural factors such as significantly contributing to this variety in second language acquisition .
Now , far away from that warm Japanese home , I reflect what I learned there.What , I wonder , will take place of the web of love and discipline which for so many centuries has surrounded the life and thinking of the people of Japan ?
Now , far away from that warm Japanese home , I reflect what I learned there.What , I wonder , will take place of the web of love and discipline that for so many centuries has surrounded the life and thinking of the people of Japan ?
Now , far away from that warm Japanese home , I reflect what I learned there.What , I wonder , will take place of the Japanese love for their country and hometown ?
Now , far away from that warm Japanese home , I reflect what I learned there.What , I am curious , will take place of the web of love and discipline which for so many centuries has surrounded the life and thinking of the people of Japan ?
Now , far away from that warm Japanese home , I reflect what I learned there.What will take place of the web of love and discipline which for so many centuries has surrounded the life and thinking of the people of Japan ?
Now , far away from that warm Japanese home , I reflect what I have learned there.What , I wonder , will take place of the web of love and discipline which for so many centuries has surrounded the life and thinking of the people of Japan ?
A study last month found that less than two years after the iPad went in sale , 11 % of American adults now own a tablet and more than half of this group read news on them each day.They are more avidly need consumers than those without tablets .
A study last month found that less than two years after the iPad went in sale , 11 % of American adults now own a tablet and more than half of this group read news on them each day.They are more avidly need consumers than those who don't have tablets .
A study last month found that less than two years after the iPad went in sale , 12 % of American adults now own a tablet and more than half of this group read current events on them each day.They are more avidly need consumers than those without tablets .
A study last month found that less than two years after the iPad went in sale , 11 % of American adults now own a tablet and more than half of this group learn about the latest events on them each day.They are more avidly need consumers than those without tablets .
A studyfound that less than two years after the iPad went in sale , 11 % of American adults now own a tablet and more than half of this group read news on them each day.They are more avidly need consumers than those without tablets .
A study last month found that less than two years after the iPad went in sale , 11 % of American adults now own a tablet and more than half of this group read current news on them each day.They are more avidly need consumers than those without tablets .
Rewards are frequent , a bit of candy bestowing at the right moment . For time to enter school comes , however , discipline becomes firmer . To bring shame to the family is greatest shame for the child .
Rewards are frequent , a bit of candy bestowing at the right moment . For time to enter school comes , however , parents are more strict with their child . To bring shame to the family is greatest shame for the child .
Rewards are frequent , a bit of candy bestowing at the right moment . For time to enter school comes , however , discipline becomes firmer . Bringing shame to the family is greatest shame for the child .
Rewards are frequent , a bit of candy bestowing at the right moment . For time to enter school comes , however , discipline becomes firmer . To bring shame to the family is greatest disgrace to the child .
Rewards are frequent , a bit of candy bestowing . For time to enter school comes , however , discipline becomes firmer . To bring shame to the family is greatest shame for the child .
Rewards are frequent , a bit of candy bestowing at the right moment . For time to enter school comes , however , discipline becomes firmer . To bring shame to the family is greatest shame for the child and even others .
The theory behind internal benchmarking maintains that while large organizations have multiples of the same units setting up to perform similar activities , information can easily be shared among similar units at the company 's advantage .
The theory behind internal benchmarking maintains that while large organizations have multiples of the same units setting up to perform similar activities , it is easy for similar units to share information at the company 's advantage .
Based on the theory behind internal benchmarking , while large organizations have multiples of the same units setting up to perform similar activities , information can easily be shared among similar units at the company 's advantage .
The theory behind internal benchmarking maintains that while large organizations have multiples of the same units setting up to perform similar activities , information can easily be shared among similar units at the company 's strength .
The theory maintains that while large organizations have multiples of the same units setting up to perform similar activities , information can easily be shared among similar units at the company 's advantage .
The generally accepted theory behind internal benchmarking maintains that while large organizations have multiples of the same units setting up to perform similar activities , information can easily be shared among similar units at the company 's advantage .
It is time for the US government to put price on carbon emissions so utilities that invest in technologies to reduce carbon emissions will see their efforts rewarding .
It is time for the US government to put price on carbon emissions so that utilities that invest in technologies to reduce carbon emissions will see their efforts rewarding .
It is time for the US government to put price on carbon emissions so utilities investing in technologies to reduce carbon emissions will see their efforts rewarding .
It is time for the US government to put price on carbon emissions so those countries that invest in technologies to reduce carbon emissions will see their efforts rewarding .
It is time to put price on carbon emissions so utilities that invest in technologies to reduce carbon emissions will see their efforts rewarding .
It is time for the US government and FED to put price on carbon emissions so utilities that invest in technologies to reduce carbon emissions will see their efforts rewarding .
Family members , friends and medical personnel must take seriously when an old person says " Life is not worth live " .
All those who care about him must take seriously when an old person says " Life is not worth live " .
It is necessary for family members , friends and medical personnel to take seriously when an old person says " Life is not worth live " .
Family members , friends and medical personnel must take seriously when someone with serious illness says " Life is not worth live " .
Family members , friends and medical personnel must take seriously when an old person says " Life is not worth live " because it may mean that he will give up his life .
Family members and medical personnel must take seriously when an old person says " Life is not worth live " .
That is not so widely appreciated is that unless the US government acted urgently and decisively , this problem could quickly get very much worse .
That is not so widely appreciated is that as long as the US government acted urgently and decisively , this problem could not quickly get very much worse .
That is not so widely appreciated is that unless the US government acted urgently and decisively , this problem would be difficult to solve in the future .
That is not so widely recognized is that unless the US government acted urgently and decisively , this problem could quickly get very much worse .
That is not so widely appreciated is that unless the US government acted urgently and decisively , this problem could soon get very much worse .
That is not so widely appreciated is that unless the US government acted urgently and decisively , this problem could get very much worse .
Many older people desperate over the quality of their lives at the end of life . If they have a functional ability or serious medical illness , it may make it harder to notice depress in older people .
Many older people desperate over the quality of their lives and even everything at the end of life . If they have a functional ability or serious medical illness , it may make it harder to notice depress in older people .
Many older people or people with terminal illness desperate over the quality of their lives at the end of life . If they have a functional ability or serious medical illness , it may make it harder to notice depress in older people or people with terminal illness .
Many older people desperate over the quality of their lives at the end of life . If they have a functional ability or cancer , it may make it harder to notice depress in older people .
Many older people desperate over the quality of their lives at the end of life . If they have a functional ability or serious medical illness , it may make it more difficult to notice depress in older people .
Many older people desperate over the quality of their lives at the end of life . If they have a functional ability , it may make it harder to notice depress in older people .
To arrive that shocking headline , the group used some question logic to pump up the results from a survey that was already tilted in favor of finding a large number of online buyer .
To arrive that shocking headline , the group used some question logic to overstating the results from a survey that was already tilted in favor of finding a large number of online buyer .
To arrive that shocking headline , the group used some question logic to pump up the results from a survey that skews towards finding a large number of online buyer .
To arrive that shocking headline , the group used some question logic to pump up the results from a survey that was already tilted in favor of seeking out a large number of online buyer .
To arrive that headline , the group used some question logic to pump up the results from a survey that was already tilted in favor of finding a large number of online buyer .
To arrive that terribly shocking headline , the group used some question logic to pump up the results from a survey that was already tilted in favor of finding a large number of online buyer .
They have succeeded to preserving their culture and their way of life in face of genocide , political persecution or poverty .
They have succeeded to preserving their excellent national culture and their way of life in face of genocide , political persecution or poverty .
They have succeeded to preserving their culture and their diverse ways of life in face of genocide , political persecution or poverty .
They have succeeded to preserving their culture and their way of life in face of enemy invasion , political persecution or poverty .
Many underdeveloped countries have succeeded to preserving their culture and their way of life in face of genocide , political persecution or poverty .
They have succeeded to preserving their way of life in face of genocide , political persecution or poverty .
The Employee Free Choice Act would allow the union to be recognized after collecting a majority of vote cards , instead waiting for the National Labor Relations Board to oversee a secret ballot election , that can occur more than 50 days after the card vote completed .
The Employee Free Choice Act would allow the union to be recognized after a majority of vote cards are collected , instead waiting for the National Labor Relations Board to oversee a secret ballot election , that can occur more than 50 days after the card vote completed .
The Employee Free Choice Act would allow the union to be recognized after collecting a majority of vote cards , instead waiting for the National Labor Relations Board to supervise a secret ballot election , that can occur more than 51 days after the card vote completed .
The Employee Free Choice Act would allow the union to be recognized after collecting a majority of vote cards , instead waiting for the National Labor Relations Board to oversee a secret ballot election , that may take place more than 50 days after the card vote completed .
The Employee Free Choice Act would allow the union to be recognized after collecting vote cards , instead waiting for the National Labor Relations Board to oversee a secret ballot election , that can occur more than 50 days after the card vote completed .
The Employee Free Choice Act would allow the union to be recognized after collecting a majority of vote cards , instead waiting for the National Labor Relations Board to oversee a secret ballot election , that can occur more than 50 or even 100 days after the card vote completed .
In Thanksgiving weekend in 1995 , someone forwarded my telephone number to an out-of-state answering machine , which unsuspecting callers trying to reach me heard a male voice identify himself as me and say some extreme rude things .
In Thanksgiving weekend in 1995 , someone forwarded my telephone number to an out-of-state answering machine , which callers who were unsuspecting trying to reach me heard a male voice identify himself as me and say some extreme rude things .
In Thanksgiving weekend in 1996 , someone forwarded my telephone number to an out-of-state answering machine , which unsuspecting callers trying to reach me heard a male voice identify himself as me and say some extreme impolite things .
In Thanksgiving weekend in 1995 , someone forwarded my telephone number to an out-of-state answering machine , which unsuspecting callers trying to reach me heard a male voice claim himself as me and say some extreme rude things .
In Thanksgiving weekend in 1995 , someone forwarded my telephone number to an answering machine , which unsuspecting callers trying to reach me heard a male voice identify himself as me and say some extreme rude things .
In Thanksgiving weekend in 1995 , someone forwarded my telephone number to an out-of-state answering machine , which unsuspecting callers trying to reach me heard a male voice identify himself as me and say some extreme rude and impolite things .
I should also point out that as news director and a guy who makes his life on the Web , I know better than most people that we are hurtling an even more inclusive world .
I should also point out that as press director and a guy who makes his life on the Web , I know better than most people that we are hurtling an even more inclusive world .
I should also point out that as news director and a guy who makes his life online , I know better than most people that we are hurtling an even more inclusive world .
I should also point out that as news director and a guy who makes his life on the Web , I am definitely aware about that we are hurtling an even more inclusive world .
I should also point out that as news director and a guy who makes his life on the Web , I know better than most people that we are hurtling an even more inclusive and innovative world .
I point out that as news director and a guy who makes his life on the Web , I know better than most people that we are hurtling an even more inclusive world .
Most of us are familiar in sending an email to a colleague sitting a couple of feet away instead talking to them .
Most young people are familiar in sending an email to a colleague sitting a couple of feet away instead talking to them .
Most of us are familiar in sending an email to a colleague who are sitting a couple of feet away instead talking to them .
Most of us are familiar in sending an email to a colleague sitting a couple of feet away instead making a video or voice conversation with them .
Most of us are familiar in communicating with their friends instead talking to them face to face .
Most of us are familiar in sending an email to a colleague instead talking to them .
Now the internet is allowing me to feed this vanity to ever greater extent , and the occasional sneaky web search has grown into a full brown obsession for how high up Google 's ranking my articles appear where I put my name into the search box .
Now the internet is allowing me to feed this vanity to ever greater extent , and the frequent sneaky web search has grown into a full brown obsession for how many people like my speeches and comments on Weibo where I put my name into the search box .
Now the internet is allowing me to feed this vanity to ever greater extent , and the occasional sneaky web search has grown into a full brown obsession for how many people like my speeches and comments on Weibo where I put my name into the search box .
Now the internet is allowing me to feed this vanity to ever greater extent , and the occasional sneaky web search has grown into a full brown obsession for how high up Google 's ranking my articles appear where I type my name into the search box .
Now the internet is allowing me to feed this vanity to ever greater extent , and the sneaky web search has grown into a full brown obsession for how high up Google 's ranking my articles appear where I put my name into the search box .
Now the internet is allowing me to feed this vanity to ever greater extent , and the occasional sneaky web search also has grown into a full brown obsession for how high up Google 's ranking my articles appear where I put my name into the search box .
In Feb.19 , they arranged to meet him at a bar and lured him to secluded area where they beat him and dump him into the trunk of his car .
In Feb.19 , they tricked him out and lured him to secluded area where they beat him and dump him into the trunk of his car .
In Feb.19 , they arranged to meet him at a bar and lured him to secluded area ,making sure no one would find him there , where they beat him and dump him into the trunk of his car .
In Feb.20 , they arranged to meet him at a bar and lured him to secluded area where they beat and insult him and dump him into the trunk of his car .
In Feb.19 , they arranged to meet him at a bar and lured him to secluded area where they beat him and dump him into the dustbin .
In Feb.19 , they arranged to meet him and lured him to secluded area where they beat him and dump him into the trunk of his car .
Both governments have confirmed that beside the ailing global economy , a number of security issues is on the agenda .
Both governments have agreed that beside the ailing global economy , a number of security issues is on the agenda .
Both governments have confirmed that beside the ailing global economy , a range of security issues is on the agenda .
Both governments have confirmed that beside the declining global economy , a number of security issues is on the agenda .
Both governments confirmed that beside the ailing global economy , a number of security issues is on the agenda .
Both US and Chinese governments have confirmed that beside the ailing global economy , a number of security issues is on the agenda .
A longtime aide to President Bush who wrote occasionally guest columns for his hometown newspaper resigned on Friday evening after admitted that he had repeatedly plagiarized from the other writers .
A longtime aide to President Bush who wrote occasionally guest columns for his hometown newspaper was fired on Friday evening after admitted that he had repeatedly plagiarized from the other writers .
A aide to President Bush who has been with him for many years, and wrote occasionally guest columns for his hometown newspaper resigned on Friday evening after admitted that he had repeatedly plagiarized from the other writers .
A longtime aide to President Bush who wrote occasionally guest columns for his hometown newspaper resigned on Friday evening after admitted that he had repeatedly abused and belittled the others in his articles .
A longtime aide to President Bush who wrote occasionally guest columns for his hometown newspaper resigned on Friday evening after admitted that he had repeatedly plagiarized from the other writers ,which was praised by the public .
A longtime aide to President Bush who wrote occasionally guest columns for his hometown newspaper resigned on Friday evening after admitted that he had edly plagiarized from the other writers .
Pu 's father is a country clergyman who duties include traveling to the capital and ministering the royal family .
Pu 's father is a country priest who duties include traveling to the capital and ministering the royal family .
Pu 's father is a country clergyman who main duties include traveling to the capital and ministering the royal family .
Pu 's father is a country clergyman who duties include commuting to the capital and ministering the royal family .
Pu 's father is an excellent country clergyman who duties include traveling to the capital and ministering the royal family .
Pu 's father is a clergyman who duties include traveling to the capital and ministering the royal family .
While this is an enviable position , it does n't assuage with problems in the clergyman 's marriage .
While this is a position envied by many people, it does n't assuage with problems in the clergyman 's marriage .
While this is an enviable position , it does n't alleviate with problems in the clergyman 's marriage .
The position which is envied by many people does n't assuage with problems in the clergyman 's marriage .
While this is an enviable position , it does n't assuage with problems in the clergyman 's marriage and life .
While this is an enviable position , it does assuage with problems in the clergyman 's marriage .
It is here where is to be found the source of the energy that the Sun constant pours out into the space as light and heat .
It is here where is to be discovered the source of the energy that the Sun constant pours out into the space as light and heat .
It is here where is to be found the source of the energy that the Sun constant pours out into the space in the form of light and heat .
It is here where is to be found where energy comes from and the Sun constant pours out the energy into the space as light and heat .
It is here where is to be found the source of the energy which the Sun constant pours out into the space as light and heat .
It is here where is to be found the energy that the Sun constant pours out into the space as light and heat .
It is the insurance companies which pay for stolen goods , but who is going to pay for that the new atmosphere of distrust and fear is doing to our way of life ?
It is the insurance companies which pay for stolen goods , but who is going to pay for that the deteriorating environment is doing to our way of life ?
It is the insurance companies which pay for stolen goods , while who is going to pay for that the new atmosphere of distrust and fear is doing to our way of life ?
It is the insurance companies which pay for stolen goods , but who is going to pay for that the increasingly competitive wwork environment is doing to our way of life ?
It is the insurance companies which pay for stolen goods , but who is going to pay for that the new atmosphere of distrust is doing to our way of life ?
It is the insurance companies which pay for stolen goods , but who is going to pay for that the new atmosphere of distrust and fear is still doing to our way of life ?
Stock prices that rise and fall are anything new.But Big Blue had always epitomized the blue-chip stock on that Americans could count to send the kids to college or help retire in the style .
Stock prices that rise and fall are anything new.But Big Blue has always been the epitome of the blue-chip stock on that Americans could count to send the kids to college or help retire in the style .
Stock prices that rise and fall are anything new.But Big Blue had always epitomized the blue-chip stock on that Americans could rely to send the kids to college or help retire in the style .
Stock prices that rise and fall are anything new.But Big Blue had always epitomized the blue-chip stock on that Americans could count to send the kids to college or help retire in the style and improve their lives .
Stock prices that rise and fall are anything new.But Big Blue had always epitomized the blue-chip stock on that Americans could count to send the kids to college or contribute to retiring in the style .
Stock prices are anything new.But Big Blue had always epitomized the blue-chip stock on that Americans could count to send the kids to college or help retire in the style .
One of Bill Gate 's proposed solutions are biometrics , the measuring of unique characteristics like the fingerprints and the iris of the eye for the purpose of verifying identification
One of Bill Gate 's proposed solutions are biometrics , the measuring of unique features like the fingerprints and the iris of the eye for the purpose of verifying identification
One of Bill Gate 's proposed solutions are biometrics , that is , identification is verified by measuring unique features like the fingerprints and the iris of the eye
One of Bill Gate 's proposed solutions are biometrics , the measuring of unique characteristics such as the fingerprints and the iris of the eye for the purpose of verifying identification
One of Bill Gate 's proposed solutions are biometrics , the measuring of unique characteristics like the fingerprints and the iris of the eye for verifying identification
One of Bill Gate 's proposed solutions are biometrics access control system , the measuring of unique characteristics like the fingerprints and the iris of the eye for the purpose of verifying identification
Although animals can communicate with one another , their limited numbers of calls and gestures are merely isolating signals that convey specific messages in much same way that single words or stereotyped phrases do in a human language .
Although animals can communicate with one another , their limited numbers of calls and gestures are merely isolating signals conveying specific messages in much same way that single words or stereotyped phrases do in a human language .
Although animals can communicate with one another , their limited numbers of calls and gestures are merely isolating signals that convey specific information in much same way that single words or stereotyped phrases do in a human language .
Although animals can communicate with one another , their limited numbers of calls and gestures are merely isolating signals that convey specific messages in much same way that single words or old-fashioned phrases do in a human language .
Although animals can communicate with one another , their limited numbers of calls are merely isolating signals that convey specific messages in much same way that single words or stereotyped phrases do in a human language .
Although most of animals can communicate with one another , their limited numbers of calls and gestures are merely isolating signals that convey specific messages in much same way that single words or stereotyped phrases do in a human language .
The gap between food production and food distribution will surely widen up if current trends continue .
There is a gap between food production and food distribution , which will surely widen up if current trends continue .
The yawning gap between food production and food distribution will surely widen up if current trends continue .
The gap between food production and food distribution will surely widen up if current trends continue , which deserves our attention .
The gap between food production and food distribution will surely widen up if current trends continue , which is a serious problem .
The gap will surely widen up if current trends continue .
Children will goon dying as starvation substitutes for more human means of limiting population growth .
Children will goon dying as starvation replaces more human means of limiting population growth .
Children will goon dying as starvation takes the place of more human means of limiting population growth .
Children will goon dying as starvation substitutes for more human means of quelling population growth .
Children will goon dying as starvation substitutes for more human means of limiting population .
Children will goon dying as starvation substitutes for much more human means of limiting population growth .
Some behaviors have been cultural associated to straightforwardness .
Some behaviors have been cultural associated to bluntness .
Some behaviors have been cultural associated to directness .
Some behaviors that some may find impolite have been cultural associated to straightforwardness .
Some behaviors have been cultural linked to straightforwardness .
Behaviors have been cultural associated to straightforwardness .
For example , a firm handshake is often interpreted as sign of sincerity , so is direct eye contact .
For example , a firm handshake is often interpreted as sign of expressing sincerity , so is direct eye contact .
For example , a firm handshake is often regarded as sign of sincerity , so is direct eye contact .
For example , a firm handshake is often interpreted as sign of sincerity , and direct eye contact means you are listening carefully .
For example , a firm handshake is often interpreted as sign of sincerity , so is eye contact .
For example , a firm handshake is often interpreted as sign of sincerity and expressing , so is direct eye contact .
It 's easy to see that solutions for future problems will depend increasing on understanding non-Western cultural background .
It 's obvious that solutions for future problems will depend increasing on understanding non-Western cultural background .
It 's easy to see that solutions for future problems will depend increasing on the understanding of non-Western cultural background .
It 's easy to see that solutions for future problems will depend increasing on the understanding of the cultural background of many developing countries .
It 's easy to see that solutions for future problems will depend increasing on understanding Western cultural background .
It 's not so easy to see that solutions for future problems will depend increasing on understanding non-Western cultural background .
Groundwater will keep going to lowering elevations until it reaches a lay of impermeable rock .
Groundwater will keep going to lowering elevations before it reaches a lay of impermeable rock .
Groundwater will keep going to lowering elevations until it reaches a lay of rock that is impermeable .
Groundwater will keep going to lowering elevations when it reaches a lay of impermeable rock .
Groundwater will keep going to lowering elevations until it reaches a lay of impervious rock .
Groundwater will keep going to lowering elevations until it reaches a lay of rock .
Most ocean pollution causing by humans are concentrated along the coasts of continents .
Most ocean pollution that is causing by humans are concentrated along the coasts of continents .
Most water pollution causing by humans are mainly the discharge of industrial wastewater .
Ocean pollution causing by humans are bad for marine life .
Most air pollution causing by humans are becoming increasingly serious .
Most pollution causing by humans are concentrated along the coasts of continents .
The adoption of multicultural policy models is initially inspired by a desire to addressing the issue of how to integrate immigrant ethnic minority .
The multicultural policy models were initially adopted is to addressing the issue of how to integrate immigrant ethnic minority .
The adoption of multicultural policy models is originally inspired by a desire to addressing the issue of how to integrate immigrant ethnic minority .
The adoption of multicultural policy models is initially encouraged by a desire to addressing the issue of how to integrate immigrant ethnic minority .
The adoption of multicultural policy models is inspired by a desire to addressing the issue of how to integrate immigrant ethnic minority .
The adoption of multicultural policy models is initially inspired by a desire to addressing and solve the issue of how to integrate immigrant ethnic minority .
Acknowledging the existence of ethic diversity and ensure the rights of individuals to retain their culture should go hand in hand with enjoying full access to , participation in and adherence with constitutional principles and commonly shared values prevailed in society .
Acknowledging the existence of ethic diversity and ensure the rights of individuals to retain their culture should go shoulder to shoulder with enjoying full access to , participation in and adherence with constitutional principles and commonly shared values prevailed in society .
Acknowledging the existence of ethic diversity and ensure the rights of individuals to retain their culture should go hand in hand with enjoying full access to , participation in and observance of constitutional principles and commonly shared values prevailed in society .
Acknowledging the existence of ethic diversity and ensure the rights of individuals to retain their culture should go hand in hand with enjoying full access to , participation in and adherence with constitutional principles and universally shared values prevailed in society .
Acknowledging the existence of ethic diversity and ensure the rights of individuals to retain their culture should go hand in hand with enjoying full access to , participation in and adherence with constitutional principles and shared values prevailed in society .
We need to admit that acknowledging the existence of ethic diversity and ensure the rights of individuals to retain their culture should go hand in hand with enjoying full access to , participation in and adherence with constitutional principles and commonly shared values prevailed in society .
One of the many questions brought up is in regard with whether or not cloning should be a option for parents that are considered having children .
One of the questions that many people are concerned about is in regard with whether or not cloning should be a option for parents that are considered having children .
One of the many questions brought up is in regard with if cloning should be a option for parents that are considered having children .
One of the many questions brought up is in regard with whether or not cloning should be a option for parents that are considered having children , which involves ethical issues .
One of the many questions put forward is in regard with whether or not cloning should be a option for parents that are considered having children .
One of the many questions brought up is in regard with whether or not cloning should be a option for parents considered having children .
It is important to study humans in all their richness and diversity of a calm and systematic manner , with the hope of the knowledge resulting from such studies can lead humans to a more harmonious way of living with them and with all other life form on this planet earth .
It is important to study humans in all their richness and diversity of a calm and systematic manner , with the hope of the knowledge gained from such studies can lead humans to a more harmonious way of living with them and with all other life form on this planet earth .
It is important to study humans in all their richness and diversity of a calm and systematic manner , with the hope of the knowledge resulting from such studies can contribute to a more harmonious way of living with them and with all other life form on this planet earth .
It is important to study humans in all their richness and diversity of a calm and systematic manner , with the hope of the knowledge resulting from such studies can lead humanity to a more harmonious way of living with them and with all other life form on this planet earth .
It is important to study humans in all their richness and diversity of a calm manner , with the hope of the knowledge resulting from such studies can lead humans to a more harmonious way of living with them and with all other life form on this planet earth .
It is very important to study humans in all their richness and diversity of a calm and systematic manner , with the hope of the knowledge resulting from such studies can lead humans to a more harmonious way of living with them and with all other life form on this planet earth .
If you intend using humor in the talk to make people smiling , you must know how to identify shared experience and problems , which means your humor must be relevant for the audience and shows that you are in sympathetic with their point of view .
If you intend using humor in the talk to make people smiling , you must know how to find shared experience and problems , which means your humor must be relevant for the audience and shows that you are in sympathetic with their point of view .
If you intend using humor in the talk to make people smiling , you must know how to identify shared experience and cultural background , which means your humor must be relevant for the audience and shows that you are in sympathetic with their point of view .
If you intend using humor in the talk to make people smiling , you must know how to identify shared experience and problems , which means your humor must be related for the audience and shows that you are in sympathetic with their point of view .
If you intend using humor to make people smiling , you must know how to identify shared experience and problems , which means your humor must be relevant for the audience and shows that you are in sympathetic with their point of view .
If you intend using humor in the talk to make people smiling , you must know how to identify shared experience and problems in your speech , which means your humor must be relevant for the audience and shows that you are in sympathetic with their point of view .
In the history of the West , before mass communication and literature , the most powerful mass media were the church , which reminded worshippers that their souls are in peril .
In the history of the West , before mass communication and literature , the church was the most powerful mass media , which reminded worshippers that their souls are in peril .
In the history of the West , before mass communication and literature , the most powerful mass media were the church , which warned worshippers that their souls are in peril .
In the history of the West , before mass communication and literature , the most prevalent mass media were the church , which reminded worshippers that their souls are in peril .
In the history of the West , before mass literature , the most powerful mass media were the church , which reminded worshippers that their souls are in peril .
In the history of the West , before mass communication and literature , the most powerful mass media were the church , which reminded worshippers and deacons that their souls are in peril .
Of all the components of a good night 's sleep , dreams seem to be most within our control .
There are many factors for a good night 's sleep , but dreams seem to be most within our control .
There are many factors for a good night 's sleep , among which dreams seem to be most within our control .
Of all the components of a good night 's sleep , dreams seem to be most definite .
Of all the components of a good sleep , dreams seem to be most within our control .
Of all the components of a good night 's sleep , dreams usually seem to be most within our control .
In dreams , a window opens into a world which logic is suspended and dead people speak .
In dreams , a window opens into a world which logic is suspended and the dead are like the living .
In dreams , a window opens into a world which everything is out of order and dead people speak .
In dreams , a window opens into a world which you can do anything you would not normally be able to do .
In dreams , a window opens into a world which dead people speak .
In bad dreams , a window opens into a world which logic is suspended and dead people speak .
Do you remember all those years when scientists argue that the antismoking lobby was to destroy our way of lives ?
Do you have an impression about those years when scientists argue that the antismoking lobby was to destroy our way of lives ?
Do you remember all those years when experts argue that the antismoking lobby was to destroy our way of lives ?
Do you remember all those years when experts argue that addiction to online games would destroy our way of lives ?
Do you remember when scientists argue that the antismoking lobby was to destroy our way of lives ?
Do you remember all those years when scientists and economists argue that the antismoking lobby was to destroy our way of lives ?
Lots of Americans brought that nonsense , and over three decades , some 10 million of smokers went to early graves .
A lager number of Americans brought that nonsense , and over three decades , some 10 million of smokers went to early graves .
Lots of Americans brought that nonsense , and over three decades , some 11 million of smokers went to graves prematurely .
Lots of Americans brought that nonsense , and over three decades , some 10 million of smokers have died from heavy smoking .
Lots of Americans brought that nonsense , and some 10 million of smokers went to early graves .
Lots of Americans brought that nonsense and ridiculous , and over three decades , some 10 million of smokers went to early graves .
Many teachers rely in the rules and regulations of schools to maintain order .
Many teachers count in the rules and regulations of schools to maintain order .
Many teachers rely in the rules and regulations of schools to regulate the behavior of students .
Many teachers rely in the monitor to maintain order .
Many teachers rely in the rules and regulations of schools to maintain order , which is not advisable .
Many teachers rely in the rules of schools to maintain order .
Fortunately , the need for control and discipline can take precedent over the learning process .
Fortunately , the need for strict control and discipline can take precedent over the learning process .
Fortunately , the need for discipline can take precedent over the learning process .
Fortunately , the necessity of control and discipline can take precedent over the learning process .
Fortunately and unluckily , the need for control and discipline can take precedent over the learning process .
Fortunately , the need for control and rod can take precedent over the learning process .
Mark Twain is reputed to being the world 's first author to use typewriter .
Mark Twain is famous to being the world 's first author to use typewriter .
Mark Twain is reputed to being the world 's first author who used typewriter .
Mark Twain is reputed to being the first author in the world to use typewriter .
As we all know , Mark Twain is reputed to being the world 's first author to use typewriter .
Mark Twain is reputed to being the first author to use typewriter .
His manuscript for Life on the Mississippi arrived at the publisher neatly set down in typewritten form .
His manuscript for Life on the Mississippi arrived at the publisher in perfect print .
His high anticipatd manuscript for Life on the Mississippi arrived at the publisher neatly set down in typewritten form .
His manuscript for Life on the Mississippi arrived at the publisher neatly set down in typewritten form and was highly praised by the readers .
His manuscript for Life on the Mississippi which was his first book arrived at the publisher neatly set down in typewritten form .
His manuscript for Life on the Mississippi arrived at the publisher set down in typewritten form .
It is a mystery so as to who invented the first wheel .
It is a well-known fact so as to who invented the computer .
It is a mystery so as to who killed him .
It is a mystery so as to what is the end of the universe .
It is a mystery so as to who invented the wheel .
It is still a mystery so as to who invented the first wheel .
No one recorded who was or when it happened ; but when the first inventor has placed a wheel on an axle , mankind began to roll on one place to another .
No one recorded who was or when it happened ; but when the first inventor took off a wheel on an axle , mankind began to roll on one place to another .
No one recorded who was or when it happened ; but when the first inventor has placed a wheel on an axle , mankind started to roll on one place to another .
No one recorded who was or when it happened ; but when the first inventor has placed a wheel on an axle , humans began to roll on one place to another .
No one recorded who was ; but when the first inventor has placed a wheel on an axle , mankind began to roll on one place to another .
No one recorded who was , where it happened , or when it happened ; but when the first inventor has placed a wheel on an axle , mankind began to roll on one place to another .
In order to solidify the relationship , they may opt of indirect interactions without regarding for the time involved in getting to know other negotiator .
In order to solidify the relationship , they may opt of indirect interactions without regarding for the time it takes to get to know other negotiator .
For the sake of the relationship , they may opt of indirect interactions without regarding for the time involved in getting to know other negotiator .
In order to solidify the relationship , they may opt of some interesting interactions without regarding for the time involved in getting to know other negotiator .
In order to solidify the relationship , they opt of indirect interactions without regarding for the time involved in getting to know other negotiator .
In order to solidify the relationship , they may opt of some indirect interactions without regarding for the time involved in getting to know other negotiator .
The Academy has defended itself for such charges of provincialism in its selection by asserting that its psychological distance from the great literary capitals of the world actually serves to protecting the Academy from outside influences .
The Academy has defended itself for such charges of provincialism in its selection by maintaining that its psychological distance from the great literary capitals of the world actually serves to protecting the Academy from outside influences .
The Academy has defended itself for such charges of provincialism in its selection by asserting that its psychological distance from the great literary capitals of the world virtually serves to protecting the Academy from outside influences .
The Academy has defended itself for such charges of provincialism in its selection by asserting that its psychological distance from the great literary capitals of the world actually serves to effectively protecting the Academy from outside influences .
The Academy has defended itself for such charges of provincialism in its selection by asserting that its psychological distance from the great literary capitals of the world actually helps to protecting the Academy from outside influences .
The Academy has defended itself for such charges of provincialism by asserting that its psychological distance from the great literary capitals of the world actually serves to protecting the Academy from outside influences .
Americans , however , have not been well trained in neither area and , moreover , have not enjoyed the same level of succession in negotiation in international arena as have their foreign counterparts .
Americans who are strong in many other fields , however , have not been well trained in neither area and , moreover , have not enjoyed the same level of succession in negotiation in international arena as have their foreign counterparts .
Americans , however , have not been well trained in neither area and , moreover , have not gained the same level of succession in negotiation in international arena as have their foreign counterparts .
Americans , however , have not been well trained in neither area and , moreover , have not enjoyed the same level of succession in negotiation in international arena as have their foreign counterparts , which makes them deeply frustrated .
Americans , however , have not been well trained in neither field and , moreover , have not enjoyed the same level of succession in negotiation in international arena as have their foreign counterparts .
Americans have not been well trained in neither area and , moreover , have not enjoyed the same level of succession in negotiation in international arena as have their foreign counterparts .
No one knows when Arabic originally developed , and people of the Arabian Peninsula were the first use it .
No one knows when Arabic initially developed , and people of the Arabian Peninsula were the first use it .
No one knows the origin of Arabic , and people of the Arabian Peninsula were the first use it .
No one knows when Arabic originally developed , and people of the Arabian Peninsula who were the white race were the first use it .
No one knows when Arabic originally developed , and people of the Arabian Peninsula became the first use it .
No one knows when Arabic developed , and people of the Arabian Peninsula were the first use it .
Some people feel that poetry is too objective to the artist for the reader to be able to understand it .
Some people feel that poetry is too objective to the artist so that the reader can not understand it .
Some people feel that poetry is too objective to the artist so it is difficult for the reader to understand it .
Some people feel that prose is too objective to the artist for the reader to be able to understand it .
Some people feel that poetry is too objective to the artist for the reader to understand it .
Some people feel that poetry is too objective and difficult to the artist for the reader to be able to understand it .
How can you make the sense of words that do n't necessarily say a story ?
How can you make the sense of words that do n't always say a story ?
How can beginners make the sense of words that do n't necessarily say a story ?
How can you make the sense of words which do n't necessarily say a story ?
How can you make the sense of words that do n't say a story ?
How can you make the sense of words and sentences that do n't necessarily say a story ?
If you were read a book by Geoffrey Chaucer , one of the early writer of English , someone would have to explain it to you what many words mean .
If you were read a book by Geoffrey Chaucer who was one of the early writer of English , someone would have to explain it to you what many words mean .
If you were read a book by Geoffrey Chaucer , one of the early writer of English , someone who knew him well would have to explain it to you what many words mean .
If you were read a book by Geoffrey Chaucer , one of the early writer of English , someone would have to interpret it to you what many words mean .
If you were read a book by Geoffrey Chaucer , one of the early writer of English , someone would have to explain it to you what the book was all about .
If you were read a book by Geoffrey Chaucer , one of the early writer of English , someone would explain it to you what many words mean .
For the last 82 years , Sweden 's Nobel Academy has decided who will receive the Nobel Prize in literature , thereby determine who will be elevating from the great and the near great to the mortal .
For the last 82 years , Sweden 's Nobel Academy has decided who will win the Nobel Prize in literature , thereby determine who will be elevating from the great and the near great to the mortal .
For the last 83 years , Sweden 's Nobel Academy has decided who will receive the Nobel Prize in literature , and thus determine who will be elevating from the great and the near great to the mortal .
For the last 82 years , Sweden 's Nobel Academy has decided who will receive the Nobel Peace Prize , thereby determine who will be elevating from the great and the near great to the mortal .
Sweden 's Nobel Academy has decided who will receive the Nobel Prize in literature , thereby determine who will be elevating from the great and the near great to the mortal .
For the last 82 years , Sweden 's Nobel Academy has decided who will receive the Nobel Prize in literature and economics , thereby determine who will be elevating from the great and the near great to the mortal .
He opposed charity , preferred instead to provide educational opportunities that would allow others help themselves .
He is opposed to charity , preferred instead to provide educational opportunities that would allow others help themselves .
Many philanthropists opposed charity , preferred instead to provide educational opportunities that would allow others help themselves .
He opposed charity , preferred instead to offer educational opportunities that would allow others help themselves .
He opposed charity , preferred instead to provide educational resources that would allow others help themselves .
He opposed charity , preferred instead to provide opportunities that would allow others help themselves .
The beauty of scientific theories is they help us to organize our thinking about a broad arrange of observation and events .
The beauty of scientific theories is they are conducive to organize our thinking about a broad arrange of observation and events .
The beauty of scientific theories is they help us to organize our thinking about a wide arrange of observation and events .
The beauty of scientific theories is they help us to organize our in-depth thinking about a broad arrange of observation and events .
What makes scientific theories attractive is they help us to organize our thinking about a broad arrange of observation and events .
The beauty of scientific theories is they help us to organize our thinking about a broad arrange of observation .
A conflict waged to ensure the survive of the human species bound to bring humans closertogether .
A conflict waged for the purpose of ensuring the survive of the human species bound to bring humans closertogether .
A conflict was waged to ensure the survive of the human species , which bound to bring humans closertogether .
A conflict waged to ensure the survive of the human species bound to bind humans together .
A conflict waged to ensure the survive of the human species necessary to bring humans closertogether .
A conflict waged to ensure the survive of the human bound to bring humans closertogether .
Speakers ' topics range from biophysics to graphic design , covering all what the Roman playwright might have had on mind when he said , " Nothing human is alien to me . "
Speakers ' subjects range from biophysics to graphic design , covering all what the Roman playwright might have had on mind when he said , " Nothing human is alien to me . "
Speakers ' topics range from biophysics to graphic design , covering everything what the Roman playwright might have had on mind when he said , " Nothing human is alien to me . "
Speakers ' topics range from biophysics to graphic design , containing all what the Roman playwright might have had on mind when he said , " Nothing human is alien to me . "
Speakers ' topics covering all what the Roman playwright might have had on mind when he said , " Nothing human is alien to me . "
Speakers ' topics range from medical biophysics to graphic design , covering all what the Roman playwright might have had on mind when he said , " Nothing human is alien to me . "
Attendance has dropped sharply at the beginning of the year , as many families left with the parched region with their flocks , some even crossed into war-torn Somalia in search of food .
Attendance has dropped dramatically at the beginning of the year , as many families left with the parched region with their flocks , some even crossed into war-torn Somalia in search of food .
The reason why attendance has dropped sharply at the beginning of the year is that many families left with the parched region with their flocks , some even crossed into war-torn Somalia in search of food .
Attendance has dropped sharply at the beginning of the year , as many families left with the parched region with their flocks , some even crossed into war-torn Somalia for the sake of food .
Attendance has dropped sharply at the beginning of the year , as many families left with the parched region with their flocks , some even crossed into war-torn Somalia .
Attendance has dropped sharply and suddenly at the beginning of the year , as many families left with the parched region with their flocks , some even crossed into war-torn Somalia in search of food .
Much is less widely reported has been the notion that the Internet may be responsible for furthering the fragment of society by alienating their individual users .
Much is less widely reported has been the notion that the Internet may lead to further the fragment of society by alienating their individual users .
Much is less widely reported has been the notion that the Internet may be responsible for furthering the fragment of society through alienating their individual users .
Much is less widely reported has been the notion that the Internet may be responsible for furthering the fragment of society by distancing their individual users .
Much is less widely reported has been the notion that the Internet may be responsible for furthering the fragment by alienating their individual users .
Much is less widely reported has been the notion that the Internet and technology may be responsible for furthering the fragment of society by alienating their individual users .
Teachers minimize achievement when their presentations contain elements as structure of lessons , clarity of teacher presentations , redundant in emphasizing important concepts , and enthusiasm .
Teachers minimize achievement when their presentations include elements as structure of lessons , clarity of teacher presentations , redundant in emphasizing important concepts , and enthusiasm .
Teachers minimize achievement when their presentations contain elements as structure of lessons , clarity of teacher presentations , redundant in stressing important concepts , and enthusiasm .
Teachers minimize achievement when their presentations contain elements as curriculum structure , clarity of teacher presentations , redundant in emphasizing important concepts , and enthusiasm .
Teachers minimize achievement when their presentations contain elements as structure of lessons , clarity of teacher presentations , redundant in emphasizing important concepts .
Nowadays , teachers minimize achievement when their presentations contain elements as structure of lessons , clarity of teacher presentations , redundant in emphasizing important concepts , and enthusiasm .
Strategies for maximizing engaged time on task have been identified and included effectively managing transitions , avoiding digressions and other relevant verbalizations , and manage classroom behavior .
Strategies for maximizing engaged time on task have been identified and included effectively managing transitions , avoiding excursions and other relevant verbalizations , and manage classroom behavior .
Strategies for maximizing engaged time on task have been identified and included effectively managing transitions , shunning digressions and other relevant verbalizations , and manage classroom behavior .
Strategies for maximizing engaged time on task have been identified and included effectively managing transitions , avoiding digressions and other relevant verbalizations , as well as manage classroom behavior .
Strategies for maximizing engaged time on task have been identified and included effectively managing transitions and other relevant verbalizations , and manage classroom behavior .
Strategies for maximizing engaged time on task have been identified and included effectively managing transitions , avoiding bizarre digressions and other relevant verbalizations , and manage classroom behavior .
There are very a few restriction on what you can talk about in pubs : pub etiquette is concerned mainly about the form of your conversation , not the content
There are very a few restriction on what you can talk about in pubs : pub etiquette is primarily concerned about the form of your conversation , not the content
There are very a few restriction on what you can talk about in pubs : pub etiquette is concerned mainly about how you talk , not the content
There are very a few restriction on what you can talk about in pubs : pub etiquette is concerned mainly about the form of your conversation , rather than the content
There are very a few restriction on what you can talk about : pub etiquette is concerned mainly about the form of your conversation , not the content
There are very a few restriction on what you can talk about in pubs : pub etiquette is concerned mainly about the form of your conversation and how you talk , not the content
A number of youngsters was promised a wealth of prospects unless they stayed in education or took up with the wide range of training opportunities .
A number of youngsters was promised a wealth of prospects unless they received further education or took up with the wide range of training opportunities .
A number of youngsters was promised a wealth of prospects unless they stayed in education or took up with all kinds of training .
A number of youngsters was promised a wealth of prospects unless they stayed in education or took up with the wide range of training opportunities , which made them convinced .
A number of youngsters was promised a wealth of prospects unless they continued their studies or took up with the wide range of training opportunities .
Youngsters was promised a wealth of prospects unless they stayed in education or took up with the wide range of training opportunities .
The percentage of national income holding by the top 1 percent of American went from about 10 percent in 1980 to 24 percent in 2007 , that is a worrisome signal .
The percentage of national income holding by the top 1 percent of American went from about 10 percent in 1980 to 24 percent in 2007 , that is an alarming signal .
The percentage of national income holding by the top 1 percent of American went from about 10 percent in 1980 to 24 percent in 2007 , that marks that the gap between rich and poor in the United States is widening .
The percentage of national income holding by the top 1 percent of American went sharply from about 10 percent in 1980 to 24 percent in 2008 , that is a worrisome signal .
The percentage of national income holding by the top 1 percent of American went from about 10 percent in 1980 to 24 percent in 2007 , that worries many people deeply .
The percentage of income holding by the top 1 percent of American went from about 10 percent in 1980 to 24 percent in 2007 , that is a worrisome signal .
the English alphabet was adopted from Romans , which does not have a separate letter to represent each sound in the language so as that some letters must do doubly duty or work together in combination .
the English alphabet was adopted from Romans . Because they does not have a separate letter to represent each sound in the language so as that some letters must do doubly duty or work together in combination .
the English alphabet was adopted from Romans , which does not have a separate letter to represent each sound in the language so as that some letters must assume doubly duty or work together in combination .
the English alphabet was taken from Romans , which does not have a separate letter to represent each sound in the language so as that some letters must do doubly duty or work together in combination .
the English alphabet was adopted from Romans , which does not have a separate letter to represent each sound in the language so as that some letters must do doubly duty .
the 26 letters of the English alphabet was adopted from Romans , which does not have a separate letter to represent each sound in the language so as that some letters must do doubly duty or work together in combination .
Critics continuously debate literature 's chief function .
Critics continuously debate the main function of literature .
Critics continuously and heatedly debate literature 's chief function .
Scholars continuously debate literature 's chief function .
Critics continuously debate literature 's chief function , but no widely accepted result has been reached so far .
Critics continuously debate literature 's function .
Tracing their arguments to Plato , many content that literature 's primary function is moral , it 's chief value being it 's usefulness of cultural and societal purposes .
Tracing their arguments to Plato , many content that literature 's primary function is moral , whose chief value being it 's usefulness of cultural and societal purposes .
Tracing their arguments to Plato , many content that literature 's primary function is moral , it 's chief value being it 's significance of cultural and societal purposes .
Tracing their arguments to Plato , many content that literature primarily serves as moral , it 's chief value being it 's usefulness of cultural and societal purposes .
Tracing their arguments to Plato , many content that literature 's primary function is moral , it 's chief value being it 's usefulness of cultural purposes .
Tracing their arguments to Plato and Aristotle , many content that literature 's primary function is moral , it 's chief value being it 's usefulness of cultural and societal purposes .
Research clearly shows that if students learn best from their mistakes depend on a student 's self-perception .
Research clearly indicates that if students learn best from their mistakes depend on a student 's self-perception .
Research clearly shows that if students reflect on themselves and learn best from their mistakes depend on a student 's self-perception .
Research clearly shows that if students can gain something important from their mistakes depend on a student 's self-perception .
Research clearly shows that if students learn best from their mistakes depend on a student 's self-perception and self-consciousness .
Research shows that if students learn best from their mistakes depend on a student 's self-perception .
Fast breathing is basically bad habit , often results from period of elevated stress , back or neck pain , emotional trauma or surgery .
Fast breathing is basically physiological response that is abnomal , often results from period of elevated stress , back or neck pain , emotional trauma or surgery .
Fast breathing is basically bad habit , often results from period of increased stress , back or neck pain , emotional trauma or surgery .
Fast breathing is basically bad habit , often results from period of elevated stress , back or neck pain , emotional scars of their past or surgery .
Fast breathing is basically bad habit , often results from period of elevated stress , back or neck pain , emotional trauma or surgery , but there are ways to cure it .
Fast breathing is basically bad habit , often results from period of elevated stress , emotional trauma or surgery .
Scientists carried out magnetic resonance imaging brain scans on 20 London children with average age of 12 who have been exposed to documenting violence at home .
Scientists carried out magnetic resonance imaging brain scans on 20 London children with average age of 12 who have been exposed to or suffered documenting violence at home .
To confirm the impact of violence on children , scientists carried out magnetic resonance imaging brain scans on 20 London children with average age of 12 who have been exposed to documenting violence at home .
Scientists carried out magnetic resonance imaging brain scans on 20 London children with average age of 12 , all of whom they have been exposed to documenting violence at home .
Scientists carried out magnetic resonance imaging brain scans on 20 London children with average age of 12 , and what these children have in common is that they have been exposed to documenting violence at home .
Scientists carried out magnetic resonance imaging brain scans on 20 children with average age of 12 who have been exposed to documenting violence at home .
When an object flew by , made a caw sound , the early human imitated the sound and used it to refer to the object associating with the sound .
When an object flew by , made a caw sound , the early human imitated the sound as well as used it to refer to the object associating with the sound .
When an object flew by , made a caw sound , paleolithic man imitated the sound and used it to refer to the object associating with the sound .
When an object flew by in front of them , made a caw sound , the early human imitated the sound and used it to refer to the object associating with the sound .
When an object flew by , made a caw sound , the early human imitated the sound and used it to refer to the object which was associating with the sound .
When an object flew by , made a caw sound , the early human used it to refer to the object associating with the sound .
While many popular consumers books have successfully made the switch into the new form , textbooks are already widely read on paper .
While many prevailing consumers books have successfully made the switch into the new form , textbooks are already widely read on paper .
While many popular consumers books have been successfully converted to the new form , textbooks are already widely read on paper .
While many popular consumers books have successfully made the switch into the new form , paper textbooks are already widely used in almost all schools .
While many popular consumers books have successfully made the switch into the new form , textbooks are already widely read on paper , but there may be changes in the future .
While many popular consumers books have made the switch into the new form , textbooks are already widely read on paper .
The effect more pronounced in families with lower incomes , as those with less money could spend to compromise for lack of time .
The effect more pronounced in families with lower incomes why those with less money could spend to compromise for lack of time .
The effect more pronounced in families with lower incomes , as those with less money could make up for the lack of time through spending money .
The effect more pronounced in families with lower incomes , as those with less money did not necessarily spend their more time making money .
The effect more pronounced in families with lower incomes , as those with less money could spend to compromise .
The effect much more pronounced in families with lower incomes , as those with less money could spend to compromise for lack of time .
In other word , the new technology man now believe allows his to dominate this wider cosmos could well be a Frankenstein monster waiting to turn off its monster .
In other word , the new technology man now believe enable his to dominate this wider cosmos could well be a Frankenstein monster waiting to turn off its monster .
In other word , the new technology man now believe allows his to dominate this wider universe could well be a Frankenstein monster waiting to turn off its monster .
In other word , the new technology man now believe allows his to dominate this wider cosmos was probably a Frankenstein monster waiting to turn off its monster .
In other word , the new technology man now believe allows his to dominate this wider cosmos could well be a Frankenstein monster who are waiting to turn off its monster .
In other word , the technology man now believe allows his to dominate this wider cosmos could well be a Frankenstein monster waiting to turn off its monster .
This explicit system of rules , it was proposed , would have much at common with the types of rules found in the mathematics .
This explicit system of rules , it was proposed , would have much at common with the types of rules which were found in the mathematics .
This explicit system of rules , it was suggested , would have much at common with the types of rules found in the mathematics .
This explicit system of rules , it was proposed , would have much at common with the types of rules found in the mathematics , which has been proved .
This explicit system of rules , it was proposed , would have much at common with the types of rules found in the mathematics , which has been supported by many scientists .
This explicit system of rules would have much at common with the types of rules found in the mathematics .
In fact , during his decade long absent from Apple following his ouster in 1985 , Apple went through some tumultuous time for the lack of quality leadership .
In fact , during his decade long absent from Apple after being ousted in 1985 , Apple went through some tumultuous time for the lack of quality leadership .
In fact , during his decade long absent from Apple following his ouster in 1985 , Apple was marked by some tumultuous time for the lack of quality leadership .
In fact , during his decade long absent from Apple following his ouster in 1986 , Apple went through some time of instability for the lack of quality leadership .
In fact , during his decade long absent from Apple following his ouster in 1985 , Apple went through some tumultuous time because of its lack of high-quality leadership .
In fact , during his decade long absent from Apple following his ouster , Apple went through some tumultuous time for the lack of quality leadership .
Most substances are only familiar with us in one state , because the temperatures requiring to turn them into gases are very high .
Most substances are only familiar with us in one state , as the temperatures requiring to turn them into gases are very high .
Most substances are only familiar with us in one state , because the temperatures requiring to convert them into gases are very high .
Most substances are only familiar with us in one state , because the temperatures requiring to turn them into gases are extremely high .
Most substances are only familiar with us in one stable state , because the temperatures requiring to turn them into gases are very high .
Most substances are only familiar with us in one state , because the temperatures requiring to turn them into gases are high .
A child demonstrates on the way he uses words that he knows what a noun is long before he can define them .
A child demonstrates on the way he uses words that he knows the meaning of a noun long before he can define them .
A child demonstrates on the way of using words that he knows what a noun is long before he can define them .
A child demonstrates on the way he uses words that he knows what a noun is for a long time before he can define them .
A child demonstrates on the way he uses words that he already knows what a noun is prior to being able to definite them .
A child demonstrates on the way he uses words that he knows what a noun is before he can define them .
These are examples of field of investigation called psychosomatics , which the mind and body are integrated parts of the whole being , and all aspects are examined together .
These are examples of field of investigation called psychosomatics , which the mind and body are essential parts of the whole being , and all aspects are examined together .
These are examples of field of investigation called psychosomatics , which the mind and body are integrated parts of the whole being , examining all aspects together .
These are examples of field of investigation called psychosomatics , which the mind and body are integrated parts of the whole existence , and all aspects are examined together .
These are examples of field of investigation called psychosomatics , which the mind and body are integrated parts of the whole being , and all aspects are examined together in one time .
These are examples of field of investigation called psychosomatics , which the mind and body are integrated parts of the whole , and all aspects are examined together .
One reason is that such programs sound dangerously similar to track-sorting students by ability level , a practice repeatedly rejecting in U.S. culture , by which the dominant philosophy is that all students should have opportunity to meet its full potential .
One reason is that such programs sound dangerously similar to track-sorting students by ability level , a practice repeatedly rejecting in U.S. culture , by which the dominant philosophy is that all students should have opportunity to reach its full potential .
One reason is that such programs sound dangerously similar to track-sorting students by ability level , a practice repeatedly rejecting in U.S. culture , by which the dominant notion is that all students should have opportunity to meet its full potential .
One reason is that such programs sound dangerously similar to track-sorting students by ability level , a practice repeatedly rejecting in U.S. culture , by which the dominant philosophy is that all students are supposed to have opportunity to meet its full potential .
One important reason is that such programs sound dangerously similar to track-sorting students by ability level , a practice repeatedly rejecting in U.S. culture , by which the dominant philosophy is that all students should have opportunity to meet its full potential .
One reason is that such programs sound dangerously similar to track-sorting students by ability level , a practice repeatedly rejecting in U.S. culture , by which the dominant philosophy is that students should have opportunity to meet its full potential .
It was not so long ago that parents drove a teenager to campus , said a tearful goodbye and returned back home to wait a week or so fora phone call to the dorm .
It was not so long ago that parents drove a teenager to campus with a tearful goodbye and returned back home to wait a week or so fora phone call to the dorm .
It was not so long ago that parents drove a teenager to campus , said goodbye reluctantly and returned back home to wait a week or so fora phone call to the dorm .
It was not so long ago that parents drove a teenager to campus , saying a tearful goodbye before returning back home to wait a week or so fora phone call to the dorm .
It was not so long ago that parents drove a teenager to a faraway campus , said a tearful goodbye and returned back home to wait a week or so fora phone call to the dorm .
It was not long ago that parents drove a teenager to campus , said a tearful goodbye and returned back home to wait a week or so fora phone call to the dorm .
As more Japanese retire and live off their savings , they spend more , further depressing Japan 's anemic levels of domestic consumption .
As more Japanese retire and live off their savings , they spend more , which further depresses Japan 's anemic levels of domestic consumption .
As more Japanese retire and live off their savings , they spend more , further depressing Japan 's receding levels of domestic consumption .
As more Japanese retire and live off their savings , they spend more , further lowering Japan 's anemic levels of domestic consumption .
As more Japanese old people retire and live off their savings , they spend more , further depressing Japan 's anemic levels of domestic consumption .
As more Japanese retire , they spend more , further depressing Japan 's anemic levels of domestic consumption .
So a less anticipated outcome has been the appearance of generational inequalities .
So a less anticipated consequence has been the appearance of generational inequalities .
So a less anticipated outcome has emerged , which is generational inequalities .
So a less anticipated outcome has been the appearance of intergenerational gap .
So a less anticipated outcome has been the appearance of generational inequalities in daily life .
So a less anticipated outcome has been thegenerational inequalities .
There is no evidence that slow students are necessary unintelligent , or unintelligent students are incapable of learning a language .
There is no evidence that students who are slow in learning are necessary unintelligent , or unintelligent students are incapable of learning a language .
There is no evidence that slow students are not necessary smart , or unintelligent students are incapable of learning a language .
There is no evidence that slow students are necessary unintelligent , or unintelligent students do not have the capacity to learn a language .
There is no evidence that slow students are necessary unintelligent , or unintelligent students are incapable of learning a language , so we should not be biased .
There is no evidence that slow students are necessary unintelligent , or unintelligent students are incapable of learning .
A report by the Rand Corporation about the visual arts argue that the intrinsic pleasures and stimulation of the art experience have more than sweeten an individual 's life-they can connect people more deeply to the world and open them in new ways of seeing .
A report by the Rand Corporation about the visual arts argue that the intrinsic pleasures and stimulation of the art experience have more than make an individual 's life sweet-they can connect people more deeply to the world and open them in new ways of seeing .
A report by the Rand Corporation about the visual arts argue that the intrinsic pleasures and stimulation of the art experience have not merely sweeten an individual 's life-they can connect people more deeply to the world and open them in new ways of seeing .
A report by the Rand Corporation about the visual arts argue that the intrinsic pleasures and stimulation of the art experience have more than sweeten an individual 's life-they can bind people more deeply to the world and open them in new ways of seeing .
A report by the Rand Corporation about the visual arts argue that the intrinsic pleasures and stimulation of the art-related experience have more than sweeten an individual 's life-they can connect people more deeply to the world and open them in new ways of seeing .
A report by the Rand Corporation about the visual arts argue that the pleasures and stimulation of the art experience have more than sweeten an individual 's life-they can connect people more deeply to the world and open them in new ways of seeing .
Because a computer-based student will miss out on the benefit of having a teacher review his writing and provide feedback , many computer programs automatically correct and revise the writing exercises for the students can see where mistakes were made .
Because a computer-based student will miss out on the opportunity of having a teacher review his writing and provide feedback , many computer programs automatically correct and revise the writing exercises for the students can see where mistakes were made .
Because a computer-based student will miss out on the benefit of having a teacher review his writing and provide feedback , many computer programs automatically correct and modify the writing exercises for the students can see where mistakes were made .
Because a computer-based student will miss out on the benefit of having a teacher review his writing and provide feedback , many computer programs automatically correct and revise the writing exercises for the students can see what went wrong .
Because a computer-based student will miss out on the benefit of having a teacher review his writing and provide feedback , do not worry , many computer programs automatically correct and revise the writing exercises for the students can see where mistakes were made .
Because a computer-based student will miss out on the benefit of having a teacher review his writing , many computer programs automatically correct and revise the writing exercises for the students can see where mistakes were made .
The ants are examined are the only creatures other than men to have given in hunting and collecting for a completely agricultural way of live .
The ants are examined are the only creatures other than men to have given in hunting and gathering for a completely agricultural way of live .
The ants are studied are the only creatures other than men to have given in hunting and collecting for a completely agricultural way of live .
The ants are examined are the only creatures except men to have given in hunting and collecting for a completely agricultural way of live .
The ants are examined are the only creatures other than men to have given in hunting and collecting for the sake of a completely agricultural way of live .
The ants are examined are the only creatures other than men to have given in hunting for a completely agricultural way of live .
It is not surprising that a new report in which lists the top social media industries ranks hospitals and healthcare clinics in the bottom 10 , joining by automobile parts store sand lumber and wood production .
It is not surprising that a new report in which lists the top social media industries puts hospitals and healthcare clinics in the bottom 10 , joining by automobile parts store sand lumber and wood production .
It is not surprising that a new report in which puts social media industries in the top ten ranks hospitals and healthcare clinics in the bottom 10 , joining by automobile parts store sand lumber and wood production .
It is not surprising that a new report widely accepted in which lists the top social media industries ranks hospitals and healthcare clinics in the bottom 11 , joining by automobile parts store sand lumber and wood production .
It is not surprising that a new report in which lists the top social media industries ranks hospitals and healthcare clinics in the bottom 10 , joining by automobile parts store sand lumber and wood production , which deserves our deep consideration .
It is not surprising that a report in which lists the top social media industries ranks hospitals and healthcare clinics in the bottom 10 , joining by automobile parts store sand lumber and wood production .
The government had announced its first National Education Policy , in which was big gap between the policy and practice due to many natural and man-made bottlenecks .
The government had announced its first National Education Policy , in which was massive gap between the policy and practice due to many natural and man-made bottlenecks .
The government had announced its first National Education Policy , in which was big gap between the policy and practice because of many natural and man-made bottlenecks .
The government had announced its first National Education Policy , in which was big gap between the policy and practice due to many natural and man-made obstacles .
The government had announced its first National Education Policy , in which was big gap between the policy and practice due to many natural and man-made bottlenecks , that occurred in the process .
The government had announced its National Education Policy , in which was big gap between the policy and practice due to many natural and man-made bottlenecks .
The results are in display now at the Three Shadows Photography Art Centre in Beijing and with luck , it will be near you soon .
The results are in display now at the Three Shadows Photography Art Centre in Beijing and with luck , it will be with you soon .
The results are in display currently at the Three Shadows Photography Art Centre in Beijing and with luck , it will be near you soon .
The results are in display now at the Three Shadows Photography Art Centre in Beijing and if everything goes well , it will be near you soon .
The results are in display now at the Three Shadows Photography Art Centre in Beijing and with luck , it will be near you soon , which might be earlier than you expect .
The results are in display now at the Three Shadows Photography Art Centre in Beijing , it will be near you soon .
Students went on a spring break trip were nearly four times as likely as other students to engage to binge drinking .
Students went on a spring break trip were nearly four times more likely than other students to engage to binge drinking .
Students went on a spring break trip were nearly four times as likely as other students to engage to alcoholic intemperance .
Students went on a spring break trip were nearly four times as likely as other students to engage to alcohol abuse .
Students went on a spring break trip were nearly four times as likely as other students to engage to binge drinking when they grew up .
Students went on a spring break trip were nearly four times as likely as other students to engage to drinking .
Though the economy is closely tied to its natural resource base , India with its huge and growing population is considerately vulnerable to the impact of climate change .
Though the economy cases closely correlates with its natural resource base , India with its huge and growing population is considerately vulnerable to the impact of climate change .
Though the development of economy is closely tied to its natural resource base , India with its huge and growing population is considerately vulnerable to the impact of climate change .
Though the economy is closely tied to its natural resource base , India, a country that has huge and growing population is considerately vulnerable to the impact of climate change .
Though the economy is closely tied to its natural resource base , India with its huge and growing population is considerately vulnerable to the impact of climate change and natural disasters .
Though the economy is closely tied to its natural resource base , India with its huge population is considerately vulnerable to the impact of climate change .
Like all psychotropic medications , Geodon has potentially side effects as anxiety and weight gain , and far more seriously risks , including vision problem .
The same as all psychotropic medications , Geodon has potentially side effects as anxiety and weight gain , and far more seriously risks , including vision problem .
Like all psychotropic medications , Geodon has potentially side effects as suffering from anxiety and weight gain , and far more seriously risks , including vision problem .
Like all psychotropic medications , Geodon has potentially side effects as anxiety and weight gain , as well as far more seriously risks , including vision problem .
Like all psychotropic medications , Geodon has potentially side effects as anxiety and weight gain , and far more seriously risks , which includes vision problem .
Like all psychotropic medications , Geodon has potentially side effects as anxiety , and far more seriously risks , including vision problem .
And many have focused on the economic effects of mobility , our analysis suggests it play an important role in health and happiness as well .
And many have focused on the economic effects of mobility , through our nanlysis , it is suggested that it play an important role in health and happiness as well .
And many have focused on the economic effects of mobility , our analysis suggests it play an vital role in health and happiness as well .
And many individuals have focused on the economic effects of mobility , our analysis suggests it play an important role in health and happiness as well .
And many have focused on the economic effects of mobility , our analysis suggests it likewise play an important role in health and happiness .
And many have focused on the economic effects of mobility , our analysis suggests it play an important role in health .
This likely reflects difference in the levels of income and skills what underline these divergent perceptions about the economy
This likely reflects difference in the levels of income and skills what highlight these divergent perceptions about the economy
This likely reflects difference in the levels of income and skills what underline these diversed viewpoint about the economy
It is likely to refelect difference in the levels of income and skills what underline these divergent perceptions about the economy
This likely reflects difference in the levels of income and skills what underline these divergent perceptions about the economy from many perspectives
This likely reflects difference in the levels of income what underline these divergent perceptions about the economy
Organizations continue to depend on teams and the synergy they engender to assist at streamlining work processes that promote efficiency , the innovation , and quality of products and services
Organizations carry on depending on teams and the synergy they engender to assist at streamlining work processes that promote efficiency , the innovation , and quality of products and services
Teams continue to be relied upon by the organization and the synergy they engender to assist at streamlining work processes that promote efficiency , the innovation , and quality of products and services
Organizations continue to depend on teams and the synergy they engender to support at streamlining work processes that promote efficiency , the innovation , and quality of products and services
Organizations continue to depend on professional teams and the synergy they engender to assist at streamlining work processes that promote efficiency , the innovation , and quality of products and services
Organizations continue to depend on teams and the synergy they engender to assist at streamlining work processes that promote efficiency , the innovation , and quality of products
After all , for the last 47 years , our leaders have passed on bill after bill ostensibly to free black Americans of the manacles of poverty and provide ever-stronger safety nets for those advantaged .
After all , for the last 47 years , our leaders have passed on bill after bill ostensibly to free black Americans of the chains of poverty and provide ever-stronger safety nets for those advantaged .
After all , for the last 48 years , our leaders have enacted on bill after bill ostensibly to free black Americans of the manacles of poverty and provide ever-stronger safety nets for those advantaged .
After all , for the last 47 years , our leaders have passed on bill after bill ostensibly to emancipate black Americans of the manacles of poverty and provide ever-stronger safety nets for those advantaged .
After all , for the last 47 years , our leaders have passed on bill after bill ostensibly to free all those black Americans of the manacles of poverty and provide ever-stronger safety nets for those advantaged .
After all , for the last 47 years , our leaders have passed on bill after bill ostensibly to free black Americans of the manacles of poverty and provide safety nets for those advantaged .
Also over is the simplistic interview journalism you published question answers from interviews with dignity .
Also simplistic interview journalism is over you published question answers from interviews with dignity .
Also over is the uncomplicated interview journalism you published question answers from interviews with dignity .
Also over is the simplistic interview journalism you briefly published question answers from interviews with dignity .
The simplistic interview journalism you published question answers from interviews with dignity is no longer the norm .
Also over is the interview journalism you published question answers from interviews with dignity .
During a study of linguistic and genetic data from 49 distinctive provinces , the author discovered a struck correlation between two genes involved in brain development and language tonality .
According to a study of linguistic and genetic data from 49 distinctive provinces , the author discovered a struck correlation between two genes involved in brain development and language tonality .
During a study of linguistic and genetic data from 49 distinctive provinces , the author discovered that there exists a struck correlation between two genes involved in brain development and language tonality .
During a study of linguistic and genetic data from 50 distinctive provinces , the author discovered a struck mutual relation between two genes involved in brain development and language tonality .
During a study of linguistic and genetic data from 49 distinctive provinces , a struck correlation between two genes involved in brain development and language tonality was discovered by the author .
During a study of linguistic and genetic data from 49 distinctive provinces , the author discovered a struck correlation between two genes involved in brain development .
For century it has been recognized that mammals and birds differ other animals in the way they regulate body temperature .
For century it has been recognized that mammals and birds distinct totally other animals in the way they regulate body temperature .
For century it has been recognized that mammals and birds differ other animals in their regulation of body temperature .
For century it has been recognized that mammals and birds differ other animals because they posses a unique mechanism for regulating body temperature in contrast to other animals .
For century it has been gradually recognized that mammals and birds differ other animals in the way they regulate body temperature .
For century it has been recognized that mammals differ other animals in the way they regulate body temperature .
Man tend to be less careful and caring when bought gifts for the same sex .
Man are lack of carefulness and care when bought gifts for the same sex .
Man are prone to be less careful and caring when bought gifts for the same sex .
Man tend to be less careful and considerate when bought gifts for the same sex .
Man tend to be less careful and caring when it comes to bought gifts for the same sex .
Man tend to be less careful and caring when bought gifts for the same sex .
Women , on the other hand , are less careful though they may act with a sense of revenge if the receiver has been disappointed her in the previous exchange .
Women , on the other hand , are less careful though they may act with a sense of revenge if the receiver has been frustrated her in the previous exchange .
Women ,for another , are less careful though they may act with a sense of revenge if the receiver has been disappointed her in the previous exchange .
Women , on the other hand , are less careful though they may act with a sense of revenge if the receiver has been let her down in the previous exchange .
Women , on the other hand , are less careful though they may act with a sense of revenge and in an impolite way if the receiver has been disappointed her in the previous exchange .
Women , on the other hand , are less careful though they may act with a sense of revenge if the receiver has been disappointed her .
Failure would result from misery on your part even if the recipient does n't tell you the truth and pretend to be unhappy about the item .
Failure would result from misery on your part even though the recipient does n't tell you the truth and pretend to be unhappy about the item .
Failure would result from misery on your part regardless of whether the recipient does n't tell you the truth and pretend to be unhappy about the item .
Failure would result from your own misery even if the recipient does n't tell you the truth and pretend to be unhappy about the item .
Failure would result from misery on your part even if the recipient does n't tell you the truth that he knows and pretend to be unhappy about the item .
Failure would result from misery on your part even if the recipient does n't tell you the truth and pretend to be unhappy
Thousands of people migrating to the cities not only for jobs but also for educational and personnel reasons .
According to the questionnaire , thousands of people migrating to the cities not only for jobs but also for educational and personnel reasons .
Thousands of people migrating to metropolis not only for jobs but also for educational and personnel reasons .
Thousands of people migrating to the cities not only for jobs but also for infrastructural and personnel reasons .
Thousands of people migrating to the cities not only for jobs but also for educational and personnel causes .
Thousands of people migrating to the cities not only for jobs but also for personnel reasons .
In a case that it went to the Supreme Court in 2007 , Ms.Coke , who died in 2009 , sued her employer with years of unpaid overtime work .
In a case that it went to the Supreme Court in 2007 , Ms.Coke , who died in 2009 ,prosecuted her employer with years of unpaid overtime work .
In a case that it was submitted to the Supreme Court in 2007 , Ms.Coke , who died in 2009 , sued her employer with years of unpaid overtime work .
In a case that it went to the Supreme Court in 2007 , Ms.Coke , who died in 2010 , sued her employer with years of overtime witout pay .
In a case that it went to the Supreme Court in 2007 , Ms.Coke , a young lady who died in 2009 , sued her employer with years of unpaid overtime work .
In a case that it went to the Supreme Court in 2007 , Ms.Coke sued her employer with years of unpaid overtime work .
At the NCB we are pleased with Positive For Youth 's holistic approach to give young people more opportunities and better support , and we will be eagerly watching to see what the policies take shape .
At the NCB we are pleased with Positive For Youth 's holistic approach to give the young more opportunities and better support , and we will be eagerly watching to see what the policies take shape .
At the NCB we are pleased with Positive For Youth 's comprehensive approach to give young people more opportunities and better support , and we will be eagerly watching to see what the policies take shape .
At the NCB we are pleased with Positive For Youth 's holistic approach to give young people more opportunities and better support , and we will be eagerly watching to see what the policies came into existence .
At the NCB we are pleased with Positive For Youth 's holistic approach to give young people more opportunities and better support , and we will be eagerly watching to see what the policies take shape without difficulties .
At the NCB we are pleased with Positive For Youth 's holistic approach to give young people better support , and we will be eagerly watching to see what the policies take shape .
It it not merely desirable and essential for a teacher to have a genuine capacity for sympathy-in the literary meaning of that word ; a capacity to tune in to the minds and feelings of other people .
It it not merely desirable and essential for a teacher to have a genuine capacity for sympathy-in the literary meaning of that word ; a competence to tune in to the minds and feelings of other people .
It it not merely desirable and essential for a teacher to have a genuine capacity for sympathy-in the literary meaning of that word ; a capacity to understand the minds and feelings of other people .
It it not merely desirable and essential for a teacher to possess a genuine capacity for sympathy-in the literary meaning of that word ; a capacity to tune in to the minds and feelings of other people .
It it not merely desirable and essential for a qualified teacher to have a genuine capacity for sympathy-in the literary meaning of that word ; a capacity to tune in to the minds and feelings of other people .
It it not merely desirable and essential for a teacher to have a genuine capacity for sympathy-in the literary meaning of that word ; a capacity to tune in to the minds .
Spot advertising is also considerately cheaper on most cable stations , while local cable is most affordable television advertising vehicle available .
Spot advertising is also considerately cheaper on most cable stations , while local cable is most cost-effective television advertising vehicle available .
Online advertising is also considerately cheaper on most cable stations , while local cable is most affordable television advertising vehicle available .
Spot advertising is also considerately cheaper compared with most cable stations , while local cable is most affordable television advertising vehicle available .
Spot advertising is also considerately cheaper on most cable stations , while local cable is most affordable television advertising vehicle available for common people .
Spot advertising is also considerately cheaper , while local cable is most affordable television advertising vehicle available .
Trade-oriented promotions needed to maintain shelf space and accommodate retailers ' demands for better margins as long as encourage them to promote the brand .
Trade-oriented promotions needed to maintain shelf space and accommodate retailers ' demands for better margins as long as encourage them to promote the brand .
Trade-oriented promotions needed to maintain shelf space and accommodate retailers ' requirements for better margins as long as encourage them to promote the brand .
Trade-oriented promotions needed to maintain shelf space and accommodate retailers ' demands to increase profit margins as long as encourage them to promote the brand .
Trade-oriented promotions needed to maintain shelf space and accommodate retailers ' demands for better margins as long as encourage them to promote the brand to other countries .
Trade-oriented promotions needed to maintain shelf space and accommodate retailers ' demands for better margins as long as encourage them .
Some accuse advertising for creating a materialistic society full of people think that happiness lies in owning things and who are obsessed with buying consumers goods .
Some accuse advertising for creating a materialistic society filled with people think that happiness lies in owning things and who are obsessed with buying consumers goods .
Some accuse advertising for creating a materialistic society full of people hold the view that happiness lies in owning things and who are obsessed with buying consumers goods .
Some accuse advertising for creating a materialistic society full of people think that happiness relys on owning things and who are obsessed with buying consumers goods .
Some accuse advertising for creating a materialistic society full of people think that happiness lies in owning precious things and who are obsessed with buying consumers goods .
Some accuse advertising for creating a society full of people think that happiness lies in owning things and who are obsessed with buying consumers goods .
By the 1980s , the medical community 's confidence in its ability to control the infectious diseases had been shaken by the emergency of new types of disease-causing microorganisms .
By the 1980s , the medical community 's confidence in its ability to control the infectious diseases had been threatened by the emergency of new types of disease-causing microorganisms .
By the 1981s , the medical community 's confidence in its ability to control the infectious diseases had been shaken by the emergency of novel disease-causing microorganisms .
By the 1980s , the medical community that had confidence in its ability to control the infectious diseases had been shaken by the emergency of new types of disease-causing microorganisms .
By the 1980s , the medical community 's growing confidence in its ability to control the infectious diseases had been shaken by the emergency of new types of disease-causing microorganisms .
By the 1980s , the medical community 's confidence in its ability to control the infectious diseases had been shaken by the emergency of new types of disease .
The market has become saturated new brands , which often lack any significant advantages that can be used as the base of an advertising campaign .
The market has become saturated new brands , which often lack any significant advantages that can be leveraged as the base of an advertising campaign .
The market has become saturated new brands , which is short of any significant advantages that can be used as the base of an advertising campaign .
The market has become saturated new brands , which often lack any significant strengths that can be used as the base of an advertising campaign .
The market has become saturated new brands , which often lack any significant advantages and affordable price that can be used as the base of an advertising campaign .
The market has become saturated new brands , which often lack any advantages that can be used as the base of an advertising campaign .
By acquainting students with complex ideas in an intellectual stimulating environment , colleges and universities can provide unique opportunities with personal enrichment while also preparing students for future careers .
By acquainting students with complex ideas in an intellectual stimulating atmosphere , colleges and universities can provide unique opportunities with personal enrichment while also preparing students for future careers .
By acquainting students with sophisticated thought in an intellectual stimulating environment , colleges and universities can provide unique opportunities with personal enrichment while also preparing students for future careers .
By acquainting students with complex ideas in an intellectual stimulating environment , colleges and universities can provide unique opportunities with personal enrichment while also qualify students for future careers .
By acquainting students with complex ideas in an intellectual stimulating environment , colleges and universities can provide unique opportunities and related theories with personal enrichment while also preparing students for future careers .
By acquainting students with complex ideas in an intellectual stimulating environment , colleges and universities can provide unique opportunities with personal enrichment .
An alternative approach includes neither the prohibition of smoking in the workplace and public buildings or the strict limitation of smoking to specific areas .
An alternative approach includes neither the prohibition of smoking in public buildings or the strict limitation of smoking to specific areas .
An alternative approach includes neither the prohibition of smoking in the workplace and public buildings or the stern limitation of smoking to specific areas .
An alternative approach includes neither the prohibition of smoking in the workplace or the strict limitation of smoking to specific areas .
An alternative approach includes neither the prohibition of smoking in the workplace and public buildings or the strict limitation of smoking to specific areas , such as schools and restaurants .
An alternative approach includes neither the prohibition of smoking in the workplace and the strict limitation of smoking to specific areas .
It 's a three-months showcase for some of the world 's best conceptual artists , with hundred of sites around the city .
It 's a three-months showcase for some of the world 's eminent conceptual artists , with hundred of sites around the city .
It 's a three-months showcase for some of the world 's renowned conceptual artists , with hundred of sites around the city .
It 's a three-months showcase for some of the world 's best conceptual artists , with hundred of locations around the city .
It 's a three-months showcase for some of the best conceptual artists around the world , with hundred of sites around the city .
It 's a three-months showcase with hundred of sites around the city .
The 3G phones with its advanced feature will also enable you to watch excited highlights of your favorite sport .
The 3G phones with its advanced feature will also let you access to excited highlights of your favorite sport .
The 3G phones with its advanced feature will also enable you to watch excited highlights of your best-loved sport .
The advertisement shows that the 3G phones with its advanced feature will also enable you to watch excited highlights of your favorite sport .
The 3G phones that equip with its advanced feature will also enable you to watch excited highlights of your favorite sport .
The 3G phones with its advanced feature will enable you to watch excited highlights of your favorite sport .
This is not the worst part , but rather what your liver , kidneys and other organic eventually become poisoned by long-term use of synthetic drugs that is the most devastating to your health .
This is not the worst part , but rather what your liver , kidneys and other organic end up being poisoned by long-term use of synthetic drugs that is the most devastating to your health .
The doctor indicates that this is not the worst part , but rather what your liver , kidneys and other organic eventually become poisoned by long-term use of synthetic drugs that is the most devastating to your health .
This is not the worst part , but rather what your liver , kidneys and other vital organic eventually become poisoned by long-term use of synthetic drugs that is the most devastating to your health .
This is not the worst part , but rather what your liver , kidneys and other organic eventually become poisoned by long-term use of synthetic drugs which can be the most devastating to your health .
This is not the worst part , but rather what your liver , kidneys and other organic become poisoned by long-term use of synthetic drugs that is the most devastating to your health .
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will intensify its crackdown on legal practices like companies which offering online links that trick users into downloading malicious apps , as a part of its broader efforts to safeguard consumers ' legitimate rights and interests
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will intensify its crackdown on legal practices like companies which offering online links that trick users into downloading malicious apps , as a part of its initiative to safeguard consumers ' legitimate rights and interests
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will intensify its crackdown on legal practices like enterprises which offering online links that trick users into downloading malicious apps , as a part of its broader efforts to safeguard consumers ' legitimate rights and interests
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will intensify its crackdown on legal practices like companies which providing web links to lure users into downloading malicious apps , as a part of its broader efforts to safeguard consumers ' legitimate rights and interests
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will intensify its crackdown on legal practices and acts like companies which offering online links that trick users into downloading malicious apps , as a part of its broader efforts to safeguard consumers ' legitimate rights and interests
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will intensify its crackdown on legal practices like companies which offering online links that trick users into downloading malicious apps , as a part of its efforts to safeguard consumers ' legitimate rights and interests
A widely accepted idea is that discovery learning is the least appropriate and effective approach to facilitate deep and lasting understanding .
A widely accepted idea is that discovery learning is definitely the least appropriate and effective approach to facilitate deep and lasting understanding .
A widely accepted idea is that discovery learning is the least applicable and effective approach to facilitate deep and lasting understanding .
There is a widely accept idea that discovery learning is the least appropriate and effective approach to facilitate deep and lasting understanding .
A widely accepted idea is that discovery learning is the least appropriate and effective approach to facilitate deep and lasting memory .
A widely accepted idea is that discovery learning is the least appropriate to facilitate deep and lasting understanding .
In classroom contexts , it refers to a form of curriculum which students are encouraged to actively explore and figure out the concepts , solutions , or strategies at the hand .
In classroom contexts , it refers to a form of curriculum which students are stimulated to actively explore and figure out the concepts , solutions , or strategies at the hand .
In classroom contexts , it implies a form of curriculum which students are encouraged to actively explore and figure out the concepts , solutions , or strategies at the hand .
In classroom contexts , it refers to a form of curriculum which students are encouraged to energetically explore and figure out the concepts , solutions , or strategies at the hand .
In classroom contexts , it usually refers to a form of curriculum which students are encouraged to actively explore and figure out the concepts , solutions , or strategies at the hand .
In classroom contexts , it refers to a form of curriculum which students are encouraged to explore and figure out the concepts , solutions , or strategies at the hand .
That very factwhich it 's a simple but powerful statement of commitmentCis exact what deters many young people from linking hands .
That very factwhich it 's a simple but powerful statement of commitmentCis exact what deters the young from linking hands .
That very factwhich it 's a simple but powerful statement of commitmentCis exact what deters many young people from monolithic solidarity .
That very factwhich it 's a simple but powerful statement of commitmentCis exact what deters many young people from holding hands .
That very factwhich it 's a simple but powerful statement of commitmentCis exact what deters many young people from linking hands and falling in love .
That very factwhich it 's a powerful statement of commitmentCis exact what deters many young people from linking hands .
Throughout our history , immigrants have contributed to American society and help build the American dream , but today we face with an immigration crisis .
Throughout our history , immigrants have made great contribution to American society and help build the American dream , but today we face with an immigration crisis .
Throughout our history , immigrants have contributed to American society and help build the American dream , but today we are up against with an immigration crisis .
We conclude from the history , immigrants have contributed to American society and help build the American dream , but today we face with an immigration crisis .
Throughout our history , immigrants have contributed to American society and help build the American dream , but today we face with an immigration crisis which threatens us .
Immigrants have contributed to American society and help build the American dream , but today we face with an immigration crisis .
The India Media Centre , the world 's first academic centre which dedicated to studying globalizing tendencies of media in India , is organizing the pioneering conference to address the implications of this major media development .
The India Media Centre , the world 's first academic centre which dedicated to studying globalizing tendencies of media in India , is organizing the pioneering conference to explore the implications of this major media development .
The India Media Centre , the world 's first academic centre which dedicated to studying globalizing tendencies of media in India , is organizing the pioneering conference that aimes at addressing the implications of this major media development .
The India Media Centre , the world 's first academic centre which devoted to studying globalizing tendencies of media in India , is organizing the pioneering conference to address the implications of this major media development .
The India Media Centre , the world 's first academic centre which dedicated to studying globalizing tendencies of media in India , is now organizing the pioneering conference to address the implications of this major media development .
The India Media Centre , the academic centre which dedicated to studying globalizing tendencies of media in India , is organizing the pioneering conference to address the implications of this major media development .
Since the United States maintained its dubious distinction of having the highest the divorce rate in the world , the temporary decline in divorce did not occur in the same extent in Europe .
Since the United States maintained its dubious distinction of having the highest the divorce rate in the world , the temporary decline in divorce did not occur in the same extent in Europe .
Since the United States maintained its incredible distinction of having the highest the divorce rate in the world , the temporary decline in divorce did not occur in the same extent in Europe .
Since the United States maintained its dubious distinction of having the highest the divorce rate in the world , the provisional decline in divorce did not occur in the same extent in Europe .
Since the United States maintained its dubious distinction of having the highest the divorce rate in the world , the temporary decline in divorce did not even occur in the same extent in Europe .
Since the United States maintained its dubious distinction of having the divorce rate in the world , the temporary decline in divorce did not occur in the same extent in Europe .
Therefore , high-speed globalization is broadening opportunities for a better life for many , it has also endangered the livelihoods of the poor , this increasing poverty and social exclusion and worsening the health of many people around the world .
Therefore , high-speed globalization is broadening opportunities for a better life for many , it has also threatened the livelihoods of the poor , this increasing poverty and social exclusion and worsening the health of many people around the world .
Therefore , high-speed globalization is broadening opportunities for a better life for many , it has also endangered the livelihoods of the poor , this increasing poverty and social exclusion and worsening the health of many people globally .
Therefore , high-speed globalization has presented new opportunities for a better life for many , it has also endangered the livelihoods of the poor , this increasing poverty and social exclusion and worsening the health of many people around the world .
Therefore , high-speed globalization is broadening opportunities for a better life for many , it has also endangered the livelihoods of the poor , this fastly increasing poverty and social exclusion and worsening the health of many people around the world .
Therefore , high-speed globalization is broadening opportunities for a better life , it has also endangered the livelihoods of the poor , this increasing poverty and social exclusion and worsening the health of many people around the world .
Only by enabling the physical the citizens of Europe be assured about their liberty .
Only by enabling the physical the citizens of Europe be assured about their liberty, there is no alternative .
Only be achieved by enabling the physical the citizens of Europe be assured about their liberty .
Only by enabling the practical bills the citizens of Europe be assured about their liberty .
It is only through enabling the physical the citizens of Europe be assured about their liberty .
Only by enabling the physical the citizens be assured about their liberty .
They quickly brought down the age at marriage for both men and women and brought the birth rate to a twentieth century height after more than a hundred years of a steady decline , producing the " baby boom " .
They quickly brought down the marriage age for both men and women and brought the birth rate to a twentieth century height after more than a hundred years of a steady decline , producing the " baby boom " .
They quickly brought down the age at marriage for both men and women and brought the birth rate to a twentieth century height after more than a century of a steady decline , producing the " baby boom " .
They quickly brought down the age at marriage for both men and women and brought the birth rate to a twentieth century height after more than a hundred years of a steady decline , giving rise to the " baby boom " .
They quickly brought down the age at marriage for both men and women and eventually brought the birth rate to a twentieth century height after more than a hundred years of a steady decline , producing the " baby boom " .
They brought down the age at marriage for both men and women and brought the birth rate to a twentieth century height after more than a hundred years of a steady decline , producing the " baby boom " .
People of all races and languages make rather similar noises in return to pain or pleasure .
It is suprising that people of all races and languages make rather similar noises in return to pain or pleasure .
Althouth people with different races and languages, they make rather similar noises in return to pain or pleasure .
People of all races and languages make rather similar noises in return to misery or pleasure .
People of all races and languages make rather semblable sounds in return to pain or pleasure .
People of all races make rather similar noises in return to pain or pleasure .
They say the increases are needed because of a loss in value of university endowments heavily investing in common stock .
According to their speech , the increases are needed because of a loss in value of university endowments heavily investing in common stock .
They indicate that the increases are needed because of a loss in value of university endowments heavily investing in common stock .
They say the increases are needed because of a loss in value of university endowments sharply investing in common stock .
They say the tuition increases are needed because of a loss in value of university endowments heavily investing in common stock .
They say the increases are needed because of a loss in value of university endowments heavily investing
Now set out to become European Capital of Culture in 2008 , Liverpool is a city bursting out energy and confidence .
Now set out to become European Capital of Culture in 2008 , Liverpool is a city bursting out vitality and confidence .
Now set out to turn into European Capital of Culture in 2009 , Liverpool is a city bursting out energy and confidence .
Now set out to become European Capital of Culture in 2008 , Liverpool is a city bursting out enthusiasm and confidence .
Now set out to become European Capital of Culture in 2008 , Liverpool is a famous city bursting out energy and confidence .
Now set out to become European Capital of Culture , Liverpool is a city bursting out energy and confidence .
Large numbers of us , in fact , remain throughout our lives quite unconscious with what our speech sounds like when we speak out , and it often comes as a shock when we firstly hear a recording of ourselves .
Large numbers of us , in fact , always remain quite unconscious with what our speech sounds like when we speak out , and it often comes as a shock when we firstly hear a recording of ourselves .
Large numbers of us , in fact , remain throughout our lives quite unawre with what our speech sounds like when we speak out , and it often comes as a shock when we firstly hear a recording of ourselves .
Large numbers of us , in fact , remain throughout our lives quite unconscious with what our speech sounds like when we speak out , and often feel shocked when we firstly hear a recording of ourselves .
Large numbers of us , in fact , remain throughout our lives quite unconscious with what our speech sounds like when we speak out , and it often comes as a shock when we firstly hear a clear recording of ourselves .
Large numbers of us , remain throughout our lives quite unconscious with what our speech sounds like when we speak out , and it often comes as a shock when we firstly hear a recording of ourselves .
In the United States , there are , strict speaking , no national holiday , for each state must pass through legislative enhancement or executive proclamation .
strict speaking , America has no national holiday , for each state must pass through legislative enhancement or executive proclamation .
In the United States , there are , strict speaking , no national holiday , as each state must pass through legislative enhancement or executive proclamation .
In the United States , there are , strict speaking , no national holiday , for each state is supposed to pass through legislative enhancement or executive proclamation .
In the United States , there are , strict speaking , no national holiday , because legislative enhancement or executive proclamation must be passed through by each state .
There are , strict speaking , no national holiday , for each state must pass through legislative enhancement or executive proclamation .
Every language appears to be well-equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
It is shown that every language appears to be well-equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
Every language appears to be well-equipped as any other to say the things their addressor want to say .
Every language appears to be well-equipped as any other to say the things their speakers would like to say .
Every language appears to be sophisticated as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
Language appears to be well-equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say .
From the 1940s through the 1960s , Americans married at a high rate and at a younger age than their Europe counterparts .
From the 1940s through the 1960s , the date shows that Americans married at a high rate and at a younger age than their Europe counterparts .
From the 1940s through the 1960s , Americans married at a high rate and at a relatively younger age than their Europe counterparts .
From the 1940s to 1961s , Americans married at a high rate and at a younger age than their Europe counterparts .
From the 1940s through the 1960s , Americans married at a high rate and at a younger age compared with their Europe counterparts .
Americans married at a high rate and at a younger age than their Europe counterparts .
The key to comfort a person with depression is to try and avoid a debate over if your loved one is sick and instead of look for common ground .
The key to comfort a person with depression is to try and avoid a debate over if your loved one is sick and instead of seek common ground .
The key to comfort a person with depression is to try and get rid of a debate over if your loved one is sick and instead of look for common ground .
The point to comfort a person with depression is to try and avoid a debate over if your loved one is sick and instead of look for common ground .
The key to comfort a upset person with depression is to try and avoid a debate over if your loved one is sick and instead of look for common ground .
The key to comfort a person is to try and avoid a debate over if your loved one is sick and instead of look for common ground .
Data shows childhood obesity in Australia has rised at the rate of one percent a year , a trend suggests half of all young Australians will be overweight by 2025 .
Data indicates that childhood obesity in Australia has rised at the rate of one percent a year , a trend suggests half of all young Australians will be overweight by 2025 .
Data shows childhood obesity in Australia has rised at the rate of one percent per year , a trend suggests half of all young Australians will be overweight by 2025 .
The published data shows childhood obesity in Australia has rised at the rate of one percent a year , a trend suggests half of all young Australians will be overweight by 2026 .
Data shows childhood obesity in Australia has rised sharply , a trend suggests half of all young Australians will be overweight by 2025 .
Data shows childhood obesity has rised at the rate of one percent a year , a trend suggests half of all young Australians will be overweight by 2025 .
The desire to use language as a sigh of national identity is a very natural one , and in result language has played a prominent part in national moves .
The desire to use language as a sigh of national identity is a very natural one , and in result language has played a vital part in national moves .
The purpose to use language as a sigh of national identity is a very natural one , and in result language has played a prominent part in national moves .
The desire to use language as a remarkable sigh of national identity is a very natural one , and in result language has played a prominent part in national moves .
The desire to use language as a sigh of national identity is a very unaffected one , and in result language has played a prominent part in national moves .
The desire to use language as a sigh of national identity is a natural one , and in result language has played a prominent part in national moves .
Those who had during middle age busy reading , playing games , or engaging in craft hobbies like patchwork games or knitting was found to have 40 % reduced risk of memory impairment .
The middle-aged have busy reading , playing games , or engaging in craft hobbies like patchwork games or knitting was found to have 40 % reduced risk of memory impairment .
Those who had during middle age busy reading , playing games , or engaging in craft hobbies such as patchwork games or knitting was found to have 41 % reduced risk of memory impairment .
Those who had during middle age busy reading , playing games , or engaging in craft hobbies like patchwork games or knitting was found to have 40 % lower risk of developing memory impairment.
Those who had during middle age busy reading books , playing games , or engaging in craft hobbies like patchwork games or knitting was found to have 40 % reduced risk of memory impairment .
Those who had during middle age busy reading , playing games , or engaging in craft hobbies like patchwork games was found to have 40 % reduced risk of memory impairment .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons and I think from the very start my literal ambition were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons and I think from the very start my literal ambition were mixed up with the feeling of isolation and underestimation .
I had the lonely child 's habit of telling fabricated stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons and I think from the very start my literal ambition were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons and I guess from the very start my literal ambition were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding a variety of conversations with imaginative persons and I think from the very start my literal ambition were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
I had the lonely child 's habit of making up stories and holding conversations with imaginative persons and I think my literal ambition were mixed up with the feeling of being isolated and undervalued .
Man were to consume large qualities of alcohol in keeping with conventions of excess .
Man were to consume large qualities of alcohol in keeping with custom of excess .
Man were to drink large qualities of alcohol in keeping with conventions of excess .
Man were to consume large qualities of alcohol in conforming to conventions of excess .
Man were to consume large qualities of alcohol in according with conventions of excess .
Man were to consume large qualities of alcohol in keeping with conventions .
I tried to abandon this idea but I did so with the conscience that I was outraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books .
I tried to give up this idea but I did so with the conscience that I was outraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books .
I took pains to abandon this idea but I did so with the conscience that I was outraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books .
I tried to abandon this idea but I did so with the conscience that I was insulting my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books .
I tried to abandon this idea but I did so with the conscience that I was outraging my true nature and that soon or later I should have to settle down and embark on writing books .
I tried to abandon this idea but I did so with the conscience that I was outraging that soon or later I should have to settle down and write books .
Beauty that is merely the artificial shadow of these symptoms of health is intrinsically poorer quality than the genuine article .
As a matter of fact, beauty that is merely the artificial shadow of these symptoms of health is intrinsically poorer quality than the genuine article .
Beauty that is merely the artificial shadow of these symptoms of health, which is intrinsically poorer quality than the genuine article .
Beauty that is merely the artificial shadow of these symptoms of health is intrinsically superficial than the genuine article .
Beauty that is barely the artificial shadow of these symptoms of health is intrinsically poorer quality than the genuine article .
Beauty is merely the artificial shadow of these symptoms of health poorer quality than the genuine article .
Man have often felt the need to cultivate given language to show that their are distinctive from other race which they object .
Man have often felt the need to cultivate given language to present that their are distinctive from other race which they object .
Man have often felt the need to cultivate given language to show that their are distinctive from other race which they oppose .
Man have regularly felt the need to cultivate given language to show that their are distinctive from other race which they object .
Man have often felt the need to cultivate given language to show that their are distinctive from other race which they generally object .
Man have felt the need to cultivate given language to show that their are distinctive from other race which they object .
I 'm here to tell you about one of my guilt pleasures . It does n't cost a thing , takes a little time , and brings me lots of personal fulfillment .
I 'm here to share one of my guilt pleasures . It does n't cost a thing , takes a little time , and brings me lots of personal fulfillment .
I 'm here to tell you about one of my guilt pleasures which does n't cost a thing , takes a little time , and brings me lots of personal fulfillment .
I 'm here to tell you about one of my guilt pleasures . It does n't cost a thing , takes a little time , and brings me plentiful personal fulfillment .
I 'm here to tell you something about one of my guilt pleasures . It does n't cost a thing , takes a little time , and brings me lots of personal fulfillment .
I 'm here to tell you about one of my guilt pleasures . It takes a little time , and brings me lots of personal fulfillment .
In all the gadgets in the home , the TV held the most prominent real estate in the living room , cost the most to buy , and carry the biggest brand mark .
In all the gadgets in the home , the TV held the most prominent real estate in the living room , cost the most to purchase , and carry the biggest brand mark .
In all the gadgets in the home , the TV held the most prominent real estate in the living room , has the highest price tag, and carry the biggest brand mark .
In all the gadgets in the home , the TV is placed the most prominent real estate in the living room , cost the most to buy , and carry the biggest brand mark .
In all the gadgets in the home , the TV held the most prominent real estate in the living room , cost the most cash to buy , and carry the biggest brand mark .
In the gadgets in the home , the TV held the most prominent real estate in the living room , cost the most to buy , and carry the biggest brand mark .
People in the incentive groups lost far more weight than that who got no pay for their efforts , with about half of the participants in each group meet their weight loss goals .
People in the incentive groups lost far more weight than that who got no reward for their efforts , with about half of the participants in each group meet their weight loss goals .
People in the incentive groups lost far more weight than that who got no pay for their endeavors , with about half of the participants in each group meet their weight loss goals .
The result showed that people in the incentive groups lost far more weight than that who got no pay for their efforts , with about half of the participants in each group meet their weight loss goals .
People in the incentive groups lost far more weight than that who got no pay for their efforts , with approximately half of the participants in each group meet their weight loss goals .
People lost far more weight than that who got no pay for their efforts , with about half of the participants in each group meet their weight loss goals .
High fares did lead to greater ridership on German transit , but only when coordinating with harsh automobile policies .
High fares did lead to greater ridership on German passenger flow volume , but only when coordinating with harsh automobile policies .
High fares definitely lead to greater ridership on German transit , but only when coordinating with harsh automobile policies .
High fares did lead to greater ridership on German transit , but only when coordinating with draconian automobile policies .
High fares lead to greater ridership on German transit , but only when coordinating with harsh automobile policies .
High fares did directly or indirectly lead to greater ridership on German transit , but only when coordinating with harsh automobile policies .
The failure to understand science leads to such things like the neglect of human creative power .
The failure to understand science leads to such things like the neglect of human creativity .
As is often the case , the failure to understand science leads to such things like the neglect of human creative power .
The failure to understand science results in such things like the neglect of human creative power .
The failure to understand science leads to such things like the neglect of human creative power and potential .
The failure leads to such things like the neglect of human creative power .
Employing by California , campus police are agents of the state.They 've got weapons.And the payment is not bad at all .
Employing by California , campus police are agents of the state.They 've got weapons.And the payment is satisfying .
Employing by California , campus police are agents of the state.They 've obtained weapons.And the payment is not bad at all .
Employing by California , campus police are agents of the state.They 've been equipped with weapons.And the payment is not bad at all .
Employing by California , campus police are agents of the state.They 've got weapons and equipment .And the payment is not bad at all .
Employing by California , campus police are agents of the state.They 've got weapons.And the payment is not bad .
Middle class people are more likely to cast their net of friendship far more wider , or the working class tend to stick to their own kind .
Middle class people are more likely to be more inclusive in friendship , or the working class tend to stick to their own kind .
Middle class people are more likely to cast their net of friendship far more wider , or the working class are apt to stick to their own kind .
Middle class people are more likely to cast wider friendship net , or the working class tend to stick to their own kind .
Middle class people are more likely to cast their net of friendship far more wider , or the working class tend to deeply stick to their own kind .
Middle class people are more likely to cast their net of friendship far more wider , or the working class stick to their own kind .
There has to be a total synchronization and rapport between the two sets : the producers and the users , happens in most of the countries , including the developing ones .
There must exist a total synchronization and rapport between the two sets : the producers and the users , happens in most of the countries , including the developing ones .
There has to be a total synchronization and rapport between the two sets : the producers and the consumer , happens in most of the countries , including the developing ones .
There has to be a total synchronization and rapport between the two sets : the producers and the users , happens in majority of the countries , including the developing ones .
There has to be a total synchronization and rapport between the two sets : the producers and the users , truely happens in most of the countries , including the developing ones .
There has to be a rapport between the two sets : the producers and the users , happens in most of the countries , including the developing ones .
In the era of reforms , the time is not far when higher education , funding entirely by the Government , will be tossed into suddenly free and competitive market with sharply increased government funding .
In the era of reforms , the time is not far when higher education , funding utterly by the Government , will be tossed into suddenly free and competitive market with sharply increased government funding .
In the era of reforms , the time is not far when higher education , funding entirely by the Government , will be thrown into suddenly free and competitive market with sharply increased government funding .
In the era of reforms , the time is not far when higher education , funding entirely by the Government , will be tossed into suddenly unconstrained and competitive market with sharply increased government funding .
As you can see , in the era of reforms , the time is not far when higher education , funding entirely by the Government , will be tossed into suddenly free and competitive market with sharply increased government funding .
In the era of reforms , the time is not far when higher education , funding entirely , will be tossed into suddenly free and competitive market with sharply increased government funding .
The biggest flaw with the use of credit checks in employment screening is because it makes it difficult for many good people who need work to find
The biggest flaw with the use of credit checks in employment screening is because it is difficult for many good people who need work to find
The biggest flaw of leveraging credit checks in employment screening is because it makes it difficult for many good people who need work to find
The biggest flaw with the use of credit checks in employment screening is because it brings inconvenience for many good people who need work to find
The biggest flaw with the use of credit checks in employment screening is because it makes it more difficult for many good people who need work to find
The biggest flaw checks in employment screening is because it makes it difficult for many good people who need work to find
A thousand miles no longer mean much to us today for modern jets can easily get us over this long distance within a matter of a few hours
A thousand miles no longer mean much to us today on the ground that modern jets can easily get us over this long distance within a matter of a few hours
A thousand miles no longer mean much to us today for modern jets can easily take us over this long distance within a matter of a few hours
A thousand miles no longer mean much to us today for modern jets can easily cover such a distance within a matter of a few hours
We all know that a thousand miles no longer mean much to us today for modern jets can easily get us over this long distance within a matter of a few hours
A thousand miles no longer mean much to us for modern jets can easily get us over this long distance within a matter of a few hours
Swans , noted for graceful movements in the water , have been the subject of many poetry , fairy tales , legends , and musical compositions .
Swans , noted for graceful movements in the water , have been the image of many poetry , fairy tales , legends , and musical compositions .
Swans , noted for graceful movements in the water , have been the subject of many poetry , fairy tales , legends, novels , and musical compositions .
Swans , noted for elegant movements in the water , have been the subject of many poetry , fairy tales , legends , and musical compositions .
Swans , noted for graceful movements in the water , have been the subject of many poetry , fairy tales , legends , and musical compositions all the time .
Swans ,, have been the subject of many poetry , fairy tales , legends , and musical compositions .
The old man is very pleased to be told that his daughters and son-in-laws are going to see him tomorrow .
The old man is very pleased to hear the news that his daughters and son-in-laws are going to see him tomorrow .
The elderly man is very pleased to be told that his daughters and son-in-laws are going to see him tomorrow .
The old man is delighted that his daughters and son-in-laws are going to see him tomorrow .
The old man is very pleased to be told that his daughters and son-in-laws are going to see him the day after tomorrow .
The old man is told that his daughters and son-in-laws are going to see him tomorrow .
The need for more food discourages development of better technology which naturally keeps more people alive
The need for more food discourages development of better technology which naturally feeds more people in the world
The demand for more food discourages development of better technology which naturally keeps more people alive
The need for more food discourages development of preferable technology which naturally keeps more people alive
The strong need for more food discourages development of better technology which naturally keeps more people alive
The need for more food discourages development of better technology
The boiled point of any liquid is determined by the pressure of the surrounding gases
The boiled point of any water is determined by the pressure of the surrounding gases
The boiled point of any liquid is depended on the pressure of the surrounding gases
The boiled point of any liquid is determined by the pressure of the surrounding gases
The boiled point of any liquid is related to the pressure of the surrounding gases
The boiled point of liquid is determined by the pressure of the surrounding gases
A principle of manager is to ensure that every action or decision achieves a carefully planned goal
A principle of manager is to ensure that every action or resolution achieves a carefully planned goal
A fundamental of manager is to ensure that every action or decision achieves a carefully planned goal
A principle of manager is to ensure that every action or decision completes a carefully planned goal
A typical principle of manager is to ensure that every action or decision achieves a carefully planned goal
A principle of manager is to ensure that every action achieves a carefully planned goal
Industrial buyers are responsible for supplying the goods and services that an organization required for its operations
Industrial buyers are responsible for supplying the commodities and services that an organization required for its operations
Industrial consumers are responsible for supplying the goods and services that an organization required for its operations
Industrial buyers are responsible for providing the goods and services that an organization required for its operations
Industrial buyers are in earnest responsible for supplying the goods and services that an organization required for its operations
Industrial buyers are responsible for supplying the goods and services that an organization required
Different species of octopuses may measure anywhere from two inches to over thirty feet in long
The data shows that different species of octopuses may measure anywhere from two inches to over thirty feet in long
Different species of octopuses may measure anywhere range in long from 2 inches to 30 feet .
Different species of octopuses may measure anyplace from two inches to over thirty feet in long
It shows that different species of octopuses may measure anywhere from two inches to over thirty feet in long
Different species may measure anywhere from two inches to over thirty feet in long
Having resided in New Mexico for many years , painter Georgia O'Keefe employs such as Southwestern motifs as bleached bones , rolling hills and desert blooms
Having resided in New Mexico for many years , painter Georgia O'Keefe employs such as Southwestern subjects as bleached bones , rolling hills and desert blooms
Having resided in New Mexico for many years , Georgia O'Keefe who is a painter employs such as Southwestern motifs as bleached bones , rolling hills and desert blooms
Having resided in New Mexico for many years , painter Georgia O'Keefe employs as Southwestern motifs including bleached bones , rolling hills and desert blooms
Having resided in New Mexico for many years , genius painter Georgia O'Keefe employs such as Southwestern motifs as bleached bones , rolling hills and desert blooms
Having resided in New Mexico for many years , painter Georgia O'Keefe employs such as motifs as bleached bones , rolling hills and desert blooms
A common use with gold in the nineteenth century was as a standard for the value of money
Experts indicate that a common use with gold in the nineteenth century was as a standard for the value of money
A familiar use with gold in the nineteenth century was as a standard for the value of money
A common use with gold in the nineteenth century was as a measure for the value of money
A common use with gold in the nineteenth century was as a standard for the value of currency
A common use with gold was as a standard for the value of money
The United States Constitution requires that the President be a natural-born citizen , thirty-five years of age or be older , who has lived in the United States for a minimum of fourteen years .
The United States Constitution demands that the President be a natural-born citizen , thirty-five years of age or be older , who has lived in the United States for a minimum of fourteen years .
The United States Constitution requires that the President be a natural-born citizen , at the age of 35 or be older , who has lived in the United States for a minimum of fourteen years .
The United States Constitution requires that the President be a natural-born citizen , thirty-five years of age or be older , who has dwelled in the United States for a minimum of fourteen years .
The United States Constitution strictly requires that the President be a natural-born citizen , thirty-five years of age or be older , who has lived in the United States for a minimum of fourteen years .
The United States Constitution requires that the President be a natural-born citizen , thirty-five years of age or be older , who has lived in the United States for fourteen years .
As inevitably as human nature has changed with the passing of time , so does the environment
As inevitably as human nature has changed with time passing , so does the environment
As inevitably as human nature has changed with the passing of time , so does the environment
As time passes, human nature inevitably changes , so does the environment
As inevitably as human nature has gradually changed with the passing of time , so does the environment
As human nature has changed with the passing of time , so does the environment
He was only one of the candidates who was going to take the oral defense .
However, he was only one of the candidates who was going to take the oral defense .
He was only one of the candidates who was going to have a speech .
He was only one of the candidates who was about to take the oral defense .
He was only one of the candidates who was prepared to take the oral defense .
He was only one who was going to take the oral defense .
Human being have thirty-three or thirty four vertebrae , but a snake may have as many as three hundred
Human being have thirty-three or thirty four vertebrae , but a snake may have up to three hundred
Experts indicate that a common use with gold in the nineteenth century was as a standard for the value of money
Human being have thirty-three or thirty four vertebrae , however , a snake may have as many as three hundred
Human being are born with thirty-three or thirty four vertebrae , but a snake may have as many as three hundred
Human being have thirty-three or thirty four vertebrae , but a snake may have as many as three hundred
Recent studies have shown that air into a house often has higher concentrations of contaminants than heavily polluted air outside
The resulted from recent studies indicated that air into a house often has higher concentrations of contaminants than heavily polluted air outside
Recent studies have shown that air into a house often has higher concentrations of contaminants than heavily polluted outdoor air
Recent studies have shown that air into a house often has higher concentrations of pollutant emission than heavily polluted air outside
Recent studies have shown that air into a house often has much higher concentrations of contaminants than heavily polluted air outside
Studies have shown that air into a house often has higher concentrations of contaminants than heavily polluted air outside
Among almost seven hundred species of bamboo , some are fully grown at less than a foot high , while other can grow three feet in twenty-four hours .
Among almost seven hundred species of bamboo , some are completely grown at less than a foot high , while other can grow three feet in twenty-four hours .
The data present that among almost seven hundred species of bamboo , some are fully grown at less than a foot high , while other can grow three feet in twenty-four hours .
Among almost seven hundred species of bamboo , some are fully grown at under a foot high , while other can grow three feet in twenty-four hours .
Among almost seven hundred species of bamboo , some are fully grown at less than a foot high , while other can grow three feet in a whole day .
Among seven hundred species of bamboo , some are fully grown at less than a foot high , while other can grow three feet in twenty-four hours .
Wildlife conservationists say the cover that foliage provides for animals is equal in importance to the food supplying .
Wildlife conservationists say the cover that leave provides for animals is equal in importance to the food supplying .
Wildlife conservationists say the cover that foliage provides for animals is of equal inportance to the food supplying .
Wildlife conservationists say the cover that foliage provides for animals is as important as the food supplying .
Wildlife conservationists recently say the cover that foliage provides for animals is equal in importance to the food supplying .
Wildlife conservationists say the cover that foliage is equal in importance to the food supplying .
Applied research aims at some specific objective such as the development of a new produce , process , or material .
Applied research aims at some specific objective such as the improvement of a new produce , process , or material .
Applied research is designed to some specific objective such as the development of a new produce , process , or material .
The experts have the opinion that applied research aims at some specific objective such as the development of a new produce , process , or material .
Applied research aims at some specific targets such as the development of a new produce , process , or material .
Applied research aims at some objective such as the development of a new produce , process , or material .
Our urge to classify different life forms and give us names seems to be as old as the human race .
Our urge to classify different life forms and give us names seems to be as old as the mankind .
Our desire to classify different life forms and give us names seems to be as old as the human race .
Our urge to classify different life forms and give us names appeares to be as old as the human race .
Our urge to classify different kinds of life forms and give us names seems to be as old as the human race .
Our urge to classify life forms and give us names seems to be as old as the human race .
Antique auctions have become popular in the United States because a steadily increasing awareness of the investment value of antiques .
Antique auctions have turned to be popular in the United States because a steadily increasing awareness of the investment value of antiques .
Antique auctions have become popular in the United States because a stably increasing awareness of the investment value of antiques .
Antique auctions have become popular in the United States because a steadily increasing consciousness of the investment value of antiques .
Antique auctions have become wildly popular in the United States because a steadily increasing awareness of the investment value of antiques .
Antique auctions have become popular because a steadily increasing awareness of the investment value of antiques .
Whichever they may differ widely in function , all cells have a surrounding membrane and an internal , water-rich substance called cytoplasm .
Whichever they may differ widely in function , all cells have a surrounding membrane and an internal , water-rich substance named cytoplasm .
Whichever they may differ widely in function , each cell has a surrounding membrane and an internal , water-rich substance called cytoplasm .
Whichever they may differ widely in function , all cells have a surrounding membrane and an internal , water-heavy substance called cytoplasm .
Whichever they may differ widely in function , the fact is that all cells have a surrounding membrane and an internal , water-rich substance called cytoplasm .
Whichever they may differ widely , all cells have a surrounding membrane and an internal , water-rich substance called cytoplasm .
The aging process is not entirely determined by heredity , but is influenced by different environmental and social circumstances as good .
The aging process is not entirely determined by heredity , but is affected by different environmental and social circumstances as good .
The aging process is not entirely determined by heredity , but is influenced by diverse environmental and social circumstances as good .
The aging process is not utterly determined by heredity , but is influenced by different environmental and social circumstances as good .
The aging process is not entirely determined by heredity , but is deeply influenced by different environmental and social circumstances as good .
The aging process is not determined by heredity , but is influenced by different environmental and social circumstances as good .
Best known for his research in statistical mechanics and meson physics , Chen Ningyang shared the Nobel Prize in 1957 to another physicist from the United States , Tsing-dap Lee .
Best known for his research in statistical mechanics and meson physics , Chen Ningyang was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1957 to another physicist from the United States , Tsing-dap Lee .
Best known for his study in statistical mechanics and meson physics , Chen Ningyang shared the Nobel Prize in 1957 to another physicist from the United States , Tsing-dap Lee .
The history book records that best known for his research in statistical mechanics and meson physics , Chen Ningyang shared the Nobel Prize in 1958 to another physicist from the United States , Tsing-dap Lee .
Eminent for his research in statistical mechanics and meson physics , Chen Ningyang shared the Nobel Prize in 1957 to another physicist from the United States , Tsing-dap Lee .
Best known for his research s , Chen Ningyang shared the Nobel Prize in 1957 to another physicist from the United States , Tsing-dap Lee .
